IT IS REALLY A REMARKABLE LIKENESS
"IT IS REALLY A REMARKABLE LIKENESS"


Mrs. De Peyster stared at him, and began to clutch at

  consciousness. After all, was it possible that he hadn't

  recognized her as Mrs. De Peyster? Perhaps he hadn't—for

  every one knew Mrs. De Peyster was abroad, and, furthermore, all

  the social world yawned inimitably between Mrs. De Peyster and

  [pg

  138] this apparent nobody that she was, in an obscure

  boarding-house, and in a housekeeper's gown. But if he hadn't

  recognized her, then what was he driving at?
While she gazed she became aware of an amazing change in his

  face, of the possibility of which she had previously had only

  hints. The bland, elderish, clerical look faded; the face grew

  strangely young, the right corner of his mouth twisted upward,

  and his right eyelid drooped in a prodigious, unreverend

  wink.
"Friend," he remarked, "what's you two ladies' game?"
"Our game?" Mrs. De Peyster repeated blankly.
"Now don't try to come Miss Innocence over me," he said

  easily. "I sized you two up from the first minute, and I've been

  watching you ever since. The other one could get away with the

  housekeeper's part O.K., but any one could see through your

  makeup. What are the bulls after you for?"
"The—the what?"
"Oh, come,—you're dodging the police, or why the

  disguise?" he queried pleasantly. He picked up Mrs. De Peyster's

  pearl pendant. "Housekeepers don't sport this kind of jewelry.

  What are you? Housebreakers—sneak thieves—confidence

  game?"
Mrs. De Peyster gaped at him. "I—I don't

  understand."
"It's really a pretty fair front you're putting up," he

  commented with a dry indulgent smile. "But

  [pg

  139] might as well drop it, for you see I'm on. But I

  think I understand." He nodded. "You don't want to admit anything

  until you feel you can trust me. That's about the size of it,

  isn't it, friends?"
Mrs. De Peyster stared, without speaking.
"Now I know I can trust you," he went on easily, "for I've got

  something on you and I give you away if you give me away. Well,

  sisters, of course you know you're not the only people the police

  are after. That's why I am temporarily in the ministry."
He grinned widely—a grin of huge enjoyment.
"Who are you?" demanded Mrs. De Peyster.
"Well, you don't hesitate to ask, do you?" He laughed,

  lightly. "Say, it's too good to keep! I always was too confiding

  a lad; but I've got you where you won't squeal, and I suppose

  we've got to know each other if we're going to do business

  together. You must know, my dear ladies, that every proposition

  I've handled I've gone into it as much for the fun as for the

  coin." He cocked his head; plainly there was an element of

  conceit in his character. "Well, fair ones—ready?"
Mrs. De Peyster nodded.
"Ever heard of the American Historical Society's collection of

  recently discovered letters of a gentleman named Thomas

  Jefferson?"
Mrs. De Peyster started.
"Yes."
"And perhaps you have heard that authorities now agree that

  said Thomas Jefferson was dead almost [pg 140] a

  hundred years when said letters were penned; and that he must

  have been favored with the assistance of an amanuensis of, so to

  say, the present generation?"
"Yes."
"That being the case you may have heard of one Thomas Preston,

  alleged to be said amanuensis?"
"Yes."
He put his hand across his clerical vest, and bowed first to

  Mrs. De Peyster, then to Matilda.
"It gives Mr. Preston very great pleasure to meet you, ladies.

  Only for the present he humbly petitions to be known as Mr.

  Pyecroft."
Mrs. De Peyster was quite unable to speak. So this was the man

  Judge Harvey was trying to hunt down! Her meeting him like this,

  it seemed an impossible coincidence—utterly impossible! She

  little dreamed that the laws of chance were not at all concerned

  in this adventure; that this meeting was but the natural outcome

  of Matilda's trifling act in picking up from the library rug a

  boarding-house card and slipping it into her slit-pocket.
The young man, for he now obviously was a young man, plainly

  delighted in the surprise he had created.
"I like to hand it to these pompous old stiffs," he went on

  gleefully—"these old boys who will come across with

  sky-high prices for old first editions and original manuscripts,

  and who don't care one little wheeze of a damn for what the

  author actually wrote. I'm sorry, though,"—in a tone of

  genuine [pg 141] contrition,—"that Judge

  Harvey was the man finally to be stung; they say he's the real

  thing." Suddenly his mood changed; his eye dropped in its

  unreverend wink. "There's a Raphael that the Metropolitan is

  solemnly proud of. It cost Morgan a hundred and fifty thousand

  dollars. It cost me an even five hundred to have it made."
He laughed again: that gay, whimsical, irresponsible laugh.

  Mrs. De Peyster was recovering somewhat from her first

  surprise.
Mr. Pyecroft leaned forward. "But this isn't getting down to

  our business. I've got a plan that's more fun than the Jefferson

  letters, and that will make us a lot of money, Miss Thompson. And

  it's easy and it's sure fire. It depends, as I said, upon the

  remarkable coincidence of your likeness to Mrs. De Peyster."
"Yes?" Mrs. De Peyster managed to say.
"You've read of her, of course; stiffest swell of the lot,"

  went on the young gentleman rapidly, in clipped phrases oddly

  unlike the sonorous sentences of the Reverend Mr. Pyecroft.

  "Looks down on most of the Four Hundred as hoi polloi.

  She's in Europe now, and the papers say she won't be back until

  the very end of summer. We can't do a thing till then; have to

  lie low and wait. You need money, I heard you say; I suppose

  you're afraid to hock this twinkler"—touching the pearl

  pendant. "Police probably watching the pawnshops and would nab

  you. Well, I'll stake you till Mrs. De Peyster comes

  back."[pg 142]
"Stake me?" breathed Mrs. De Peyster.
"Yes. Give you, both of you, what money you need."
"And—and when—Mrs. De Peyster comes back?"
Young Mr. Pyecroft chortled with delight.
"Say, this scheme's the best ever! The day we learn Mrs. De

  Peyster has landed, we dress you up as a top-notcher—gad,

  but we can make you look the part!—we put you in a swell

  carriage, with her coat of arms painted on it—and you go

  around to Tiffany's and all the other swell shops where in the

  mean time I'll have learned Mrs. De Peyster has charge accounts.

  You select the most valuable articles in the shop, and then in

  the most casual, dignified manner,—I can coach you on how

  to put on the dignity,—you remark, 'Charge to my account,

  and I'll just take it along with me.' And off you go, with a

  diamond necklace under your arm. And same thing at all the shops.

  Then we duck before the thing breaks, and divide the fruits of

  our industry and superior intelligence, as the economists say.

  Isn't that one great little game!"
Mrs. De Peyster stared at his face, grinning like an elated

  gargoyle; herself utterly limp, her every nerve a filament of icy

  horror.
"Well, what do you say, girls?" prompted Mr. Pyecroft.
Mrs. De Peyster at first could say nothing at all. Whereupon

  the young man, gleeful over his invention, prompted her

  again.[pg 143]
"I—can't—can't do it," she gulped out.
"Can't do it!" He stared at her, amazed. "Say, do you realize

  what you're passing up?"
"I can't do it," repeated Mrs. De Peyster.
"Why?" he demanded.
She did not reply.
He stood up, smiling again. "I won't argue with you; it's

  bigger than anything you ever pulled off—so big, I guess it

  stuns you; I'll just let the matter soak in, and put up its own

  argument. You'll come in, all right," he continued confidently,

  "for you need money, and I'm the party that can supply you. And

  to make certain that you don't get the money elsewhere, I'll just

  take along this vault of the First National Bank as

  security"—with which he slipped Mrs. De Peyster's pearl

  pendant into his pocket. "Now, think the matter over, girls. I'll

  be back in half an hour. So-long for the present."
The door closed behind him.
Mrs. De Peyster gazed wildly after him. The plan "soaked in,"

  as he had said it would; and as it soaked in, her horror grew.

  She saw herself becoming involved, helpless to prevent it, in the

  plan Mr. Pyecroft considered so delectable; she saw herself later

  publicly exposed as engaged in this scheme to defraud herself;

  she could hear all New York laughing. Her whole being shivered

  and gasped. Of all the plans ever proposed to a woman—!
And all the weeks and months this Mr. Pyecroft would be

  hovering about her!...[pg 144]
Despairingly she sat upright.
"Matilda, we can't stay in the same house with that man."
"Oh, ma'am," breathed the appalled Matilda, "of course

  not!"
"We've got to leave! And leave before he comes back!"
"Of course, ma'am," cried Matilda. And then: "But—but

  where?"
"Anywhere to get away from him!"
"But, ma'am, the money?" said Matilda who had handled Mrs. De

  Peyster's petty cash account for twenty years, and whose business

  it had been to think of petty practicalities. "We've only got

  twenty-three cents left, and we can't possibly get any more soon,

  and no one will take us in without money or baggage. Don't you

  see? We can't stay here, and we can't go any place else."
This certainly was a dilemma. The two gazed at each other,

  their faces momently growing more ghastly with helplessness. Then

  suddenly Mrs. De Peyster leaned forward, with desperate

  decision.
"Matilda, we shall go back home!"
"Go home, ma'am?" cried Matilda.
"There's nothing else we can do. I'll slip into my

  sitting-room, lock the door, and live there quietly—and

  Jack will never know I'm in the house."
"But, ma'am, won't that be dangerous?"
"Danger is comparative. Anything is better than

  this!"[pg 145]
"Just as you say; I suppose you're right, ma'am." And then

  with an hysterical snuffle: "But oh, ma'am, I wish I knew how

  this thing was ever going to turn out!"
Five minutes later the two twin figures of somberness, their

  veils down, stole stealthily down the stairs and out into the

  night.[pg 146]
CHAPTER XII
HOME AGAIN
The two dark figures, giving a glance through the rain in

  either direction, stole down beneath the stately marble steps of

  No. 13 Washington Square, and Matilda unlocked the servants'

  door. They slipped inside; the door was cautiously relocked.

  Breathless, they stood listening. A vast, noble silence pervaded

  the great house. They flung their arms about each other, and thus

  embraced tottered against the wall; and Mrs. De Peyster relaxed

  in an unspeakable relief.


MATILDA UNLOCKED THE SERVANTS' DOOR
MATILDA UNLOCKED THE SERVANTS' DOOR


Home again! Her own home! Odorless of pot-roasts and frying

  batter-cakes. The phrase was rather common and

  sentimental—but, in truth, this was "home, sweet home."
And free of that unthinkable Mr. Pyecroft!
While Mrs. De Peyster leaned there in the blackness, gathering

  strength, her mind mounted in sweet expectancy to her suite. Only

  a few minutes of soft treading of stairways—certainly they

  could avoid arousing Jack—and she would be locked in her

  comfortable rooms. A cautious bath! Clean clothes! Her own bed!

  All of the luxuries she had been so long denied!
Cautiously they crept through the basement

  hallway;

  [pg

  147] cautiously crept up the butler's stairs and turned

  off through the door into the great hall of the first floor;

  cautiously they crept up to the drawing-room floor and trod ever

  so softly over woven treasures of the Orient, through the

  spacious ducal gloom. One more flight, then peace, security. With

  unbreathing care, Mrs. De Peyster set foot upon the first step of

  her journey's end.
And then, suddenly, the servants' bell burst into ringing. And

  there was a terrific hammering against the servants' door and

  also against the door in the boarding.
"Matilda—what's that?" breathed Mrs. De Peyster.
"M—maybe the police saw us come in," breathed

  Matilda.
They did not pause for discussion. Discarding caution, they

  plunged frantically and noisily up the stairs; until from out of

  the overhead blackness descended a voice:—
"Stop! Or I'll shoot!"
It was Jack's voice.
They stopped.
"Who are you?" the voice demanded.
They clung to each other, wordless.
"Who are you?" repeated Jack.
Their voices were still palsied. They heard his feet begin

  determinedly to descend. Mrs. De Peyster loosed her grip on

  Matilda's arm and vanished noiselessly downward.[pg 148]
"Speak up there," commanded Jack, "or I'll fire on the chance

  of getting you in the dark."
"It's only me, Mr. Jack," trembled Matilda.
"What, Matilda!" cried Jack; and from above, like an echo

  transposed an octave higher, sounded another, "What,

  Matilda!"
"Yes, Mr. Jack. Yes, ma'a—yes, Mary."
"But where the devil have you been?" exclaimed Jack, coming to

  her side.
Mary had also hurried down to her. "Matilda, the way you ran

  away from us!"
"I got a—er—sudden message. There was no

  time—"
"Never mind about explaining now," interrupted Jack. "Go down

  and stop that racket before they break in the doors. And thank

  God you're here just in time, Matilda! You're just the person to

  do it: housekeeper, caretaker. But be careful if they're

  reporters. Now, hurry."
Jack and Mary scuttled back to the haven of upstairs, and

  Matilda shivered down through the blackness. As she passed

  through the lower hall, a hand reached out of the dark and

  touched her. She managed not to cry out.
"Don't let them know about me!" implored Mrs. De Peyster.
"I'll—I'll do my best, ma'am," quavered Matilda, and

  glided weakly on.
When she opened the servants' door, a dripping policeman

  caught her arm. "Down here, Bill," he [pg 149]

  called to the man battering at the door above; and a minute later

  two officers were inside, and the door was closed, and a light

  was flashing in Matilda's face.
"Now, old girl," said the first officer, tightly gripping her

  arm and giving it that twist which if a policeman does not give

  an arm he is no policeman, "what's your little game, eh?"
"I—I live here, sir. I'm the housekeeper."
"Now don't try to put that over on us. You know you

  ain't."
"You must be new policemen, in this neighborhood," trembled

  Matilda, "or you'd know I am."
"We may be new cops, but we don't fall for old stuff like

  that. I was talkin' to Mrs. De Peyster's coachman only yesterday.

  He told me the housekeeper wasn't here no more. So better change

  your line o' dope. Where's the other one?"
"Wha—what other one?"
"The one what come in here with you."
"I'm the only person in the house," Matilda tried to declare

  valiantly.
"Drop it!" said the officer. "Didn't the boss tell us to keep

  our eyes on these here millionaires' closed houses; all kinds o'

  slick crooks likely to clean 'em out. An' didn't we see two women

  come in this house,—hey, Bill?"
"Sure—I was a block off, but I seen 'em plain as day,"

  said Bill.
"So I guess," again the twist that proved him a policeman,

  "you'd better lead us to your pal."[pg 150]
He pushed her before him, lighting the way with his

  flash-lantern, up stairways and back into the dining-room, where

  she turned on the one shaded electric bulb that had been left

  connected. In Matilda all hope was gone; resistance was useless;

  fate had conquered. And when the officer again demanded that she

  bring forth her accomplice, she dumbly and obediently made

  search; and finally brought Mrs. De Peyster forth from the china

  closet.
The officer pulled up Mrs. De Peyster's veil, and closely

  scanned her features; which, to be just to the officer, were so

  distorted that they bore little semblance to the Mrs. De Peyster

  of her portraits.
"Recognize her, Bill?" he queried.
"Looks a bit like the pictures of Chicago Sal," said Bill.

  "But I ain't ever handled her. I guess she ain't worked none

  around New York."
"Well, now," said the officer, with policial jocularity,

  "since you two ladies already got your hats on, I guess we'll

  just offer you our arms to the station."
Mrs. De Peyster gave Matilda a look of frenzied appeal. But

  Matilda needed not the spur of another's desperation. For herself

  she saw a prison cell agape.
"But I tell you I'm Matilda Simpson, Mrs. De Peyster's

  housekeeper!"
"If so, who's the other mourner?" inquired the humorous

  policeman. "And what's she doin' here?"
"She's—she's"—and then Matilda plunged blindly at

  a lie—"she's my sister." And having [pg 151]

  started, she went on: "My sister Angelica, who lives in Syracuse.

  She's come to visit me awhile."
The officer grinned. "Well, Matilda and Angelica, we'll give

  you a chance to tell that to the lieutenant. Come on."
"But I tell you I'm Matilda Simpson!" cried Matilda. She was

  now thinking solely of her own imminent disgrace. Inspiration

  came to her. "You say you talked to William, the coachman. He'll

  tell you who I am. There's the bell—ring for him!"
The officer scratched his chin. Then he eyed his co-laborer

  meditatively.
"Not a bad idea, Bill. There's a chance she may be on the

  level, and there'd be hell to pay at headquarters if we got in

  bad with any of these swells. No harm tryin'."
He pressed a big thumb against the bell Matilda had

  indicated.
They all sat down, the two officers' oilskins guttering water

  all over Mrs. De Peyster's Kirmanshah rug and parquet floor. But

  Mrs. De Peyster was unconscious of this deluge. She gave Matilda

  a glance of reproachful dismay; then she edged into the dimmest

  corner of the dusky room and turned her chair away from the door

  through which this new disaster was about to stalk in upon her,

  and unnoticed drew down her veil.
There was a long, sickening wait. Plainly William had gone to

  bed, and had to dress before he could answer the

  bell.[pg 152]
At length, however, William appeared. He started at sight of

  the four figures; then his gaze fastened on Matilda and grew

  hard. Mrs. De Peyster tried to collapse within herself.
"Friend," said the officer, "here's a lady as says she's

  Matilda Simpson, Mrs. De Peyster's housekeeper. How about

  it?"
"She is," William affirmed coldly.
"The devil!" said the officer; and then in a low voice apart

  to the other: "Lucky we didn't go no further—hey, Bill?"

  And again to William: "Miss Simpson says this other lady is her

  sister, visitin' her from Syracuse. Can you identify her?"
William did not alter a line in his face.
"Miss Simpson has a sister living near Syracuse. I have never

  seen her. I cannot identify her."
"H'm," said the officer.
"Is that all?" asked William.
"Yes, that'll do. Thanks."
With a cold blighting glare at Matilda, William withdrew.
"Well, ladies," said the officer with ingratiating

  pleasantness, "I'm mighty glad it's all right. If you have

  occasion, Miss Simpson, to speak o' this here little incident to

  Mrs. De Peyster when she gets back from Europe, just explain it

  as due to over-zealousness, if you don't mind—desire to

  safeguard her interests. D'you get me? Headquarters is awful

  sensitive to kicks from you rich people; and the boss comes down

  on you like a ton o' bricks. It'll be [pg 153]

  mighty kind o' you. Good-night. Don't bother to come down with

  us. I noticed it was a spring lock. We can let ourselves

  out."
When the two policemen were out of the room, Mrs. De Peyster

  and Matilda collapsed into each others' arms and their bodies

  sank limply forward from their chairs upon the dining-table.

  "Matilda, what an escape!" shivered Mrs. De Peyster; and she lay

  there, gathering breath, regathering strength, regathering poise,

  while the officers' steps grew dimmer and more dim. She was

  palpitant, yet able to think. Certainly it had been a narrow

  escape. But that danger was now over. There now remained only the

  feat of getting into her room, unnoticed by Jack. This they could

  manage when they were certain that Jack and Mary were asleep.
Relief, hope, courage once more began to rise within her.
Then suddenly she sat upright. Footsteps were sounding

  below—growing nearer—heavy footsteps—what

  sounded like more than two pairs of footsteps. She sat as one

  palsied; and before she could recover strength or faculties,

  there in the doorway were the two policemen. And with them was a

  gentleman in a cap and tan summer overcoat buttoned to the

  chin.
The gentleman was the Reverend Mr. Pyecroft; and the Mr.

  Pyecroft they had first seen: bland, oh, so bland, with that odd,

  elderish look of his.
"Met him goin' down the servants' steps as we [pg 154] were

  goin' out, and he asked us—" the officer was beginning.
But Mr. Pyecroft was already crossing toward Matilda, smiling

  affectionately.
"My dear Matilda!" He kissed her upon the cheek. "I arrived in

  New York very unexpectedly less than half an hour ago, and could

  not delay coming to see you. How are you, sister?"
"Wha—what?" stammered Matilda.
Mr. Pyecroft with his bland affectionate smile crossed to Mrs.

  De Peyster, slipped an arm across her shoulders and kissed her

  veil somewhere about the forehead. "And how are you, dear

  sister?" he inquired with deep concern.
Mrs. De Peyster gasped and stiffened.
"You ladies don't seem very glad to see him," put in the

  officer. "When we told him about you two bein' sisters, he said

  he was your brother. Is he?"
"Of course I am," Mr. Pyecroft answered pleasantly. "They

  weren't expecting me; therefore this very natural surprise which

  you observe. Of course, I am your brother, am I

  not?"—patting Mrs. De Peyster's arm with the appearance of

  affection, and then closing on it warningly.
Mrs. De Peyster nodded her head.
"Matilda," turning to her, in frank fraternal fashion, "you

  might tell these officers that I am not only your brother, but in

  fact the only brother you have. That is true, isn't it,

  sister?"
"Yes," gulped Matilda.[pg 155]
"Well," said the officer, "since everything is all right,

  we'll be leavin' you. But, believe me, this is certainly some

  sudden family reunion."
When they had gone Mr. Pyecroft calmly removed cap and

  overcoat and stood forth in his clericals. Again he wore the

  youngish face of their interview of an hour before. Mrs. De

  Peyster watched him in sickening fear. What was he going to do?

  Surely he must now know her identity!
He smiled at them amiably.
"Well, my dears, so you tried to give me the slip. I rather

  thought you'd bear watching, so I followed you. And when I saw

  the officers come out without you I knew you had successfully

  entertained them with some sort of plausible explanation."
His gaze fixed on Matilda. "So, my dear sister, you're really

  the housekeeper here." He shook his head chidingly. "And the

  usual crook of a housekeeper, eh—trying to make a safe

  clean-up while her mistress is away. You're deeper than I

  thought, Matilda. I understand the whole affair now. You and our

  sister Angelica had already been planning some kind of a game

  similar to the one I suggested. I just happened to think of the

  same thing. I don't blame you a lot for not wanting to take me

  into the game; it was quite natural for you to want all there is

  in it for yourselves. Not the least hard feeling in the world, my

  dears. But, of course,"—apologetically,—"you could

  hardly expect me to give up a rich thing like this, could

  you?"[pg 156]
His easy, familiar, ironic talk had brought Mrs. De Peyster

  one large item of relief. Evidently he didn't suspect who she

  was—yet.
"What are you going to do?" she managed to ask.
"Stay right here with you, my sisters, and in due time we'll

  go ahead with our game as per previous specifications." He

  surveyed the high, paneled dining-room, sumptuous, distinguished

  even in the semi-dusk. "Cozy little flat, eh, my dears?"
Suddenly that wide mouth of his slipped up to one side, and he

  laughed in exultant, impish glee.
"Say, isn't this the funniest ever! Beats my plan a mile.

  We'll make ourselves at home—hang out together for the

  summer in Mrs. De Peyster's own house,—her own

  house,—and when we hear she's coming back we vacate and

  then do our little act of buying out the stores in Lady De

  Peyster's name. Was there ever such a lark!" For a moment his low

  laugh of wild glee cut off his speech. "What's more, it's the

  safest place in the world for us. Nobody'd ever think of our

  being here!"
Mrs. De Peyster stared at Matilda, Matilda stared at Mrs. De

  Peyster.
"And it's just what I needed," continued Mr. Pyecroft in

  amicable confidence. "I just had a tip that the police were

  closing in on me, and I had to disappear quick. An hour ago, I'd

  never have dreamed of falling into such a safe little retreat as

  this. Luck favors the deserving."
Mrs. De Peyster gazed at him, faint.[pg 157]
"And of course, Matilda," he went on, "if, say, any of the

  neighbors happen to drop in for a cup of tea and see me, or if

  the police should manage to trail me here,—and they may,

  you know,—of course, Matilda, you'll speak right up and say

  I'm your dear brother."
At that moment it was beyond either of them to speak right

  up.
"Remember, my dears, that we're all crooks together," he

  prompted in a soft voice, that had a steely suggestion beneath

  it. "And in case you fail to stand by me it would give me very

  great pain—very great pain, I assure you—to have to

  blow on you."
Matilda gulped, blinked her eyes, and looked helplessly at

  Mrs. De Peyster. Mr. Pyecroft turned to the latter.
"Of course, Angelica, dear, you're going to stand by me?"
Mrs. De Peyster hesitated, then breathed a barely audible

  "Yes."
"And you, Matilda, who were always my favorite sister, you,

  too, will stand by me?"
"Yes," breathed Matilda.
"Ah," said Mr. Pyecroft, in a moved tone, "such family loyalty

  is truly touching. I foresee a most pleasant

  summer."[pg 158]
CHAPTER XIII
THE HAPPY FAMILY
He nodded at the two with an air of deep fraternal affection.

  And again he gazed with satisfaction about the spacious

  apartment, indicative of numberless other rooms of corresponding

  comfort.
His eyes came back to them.
"And now, Matilda, my dear," he resumed, with his pleasant

  smile, "in the event we spoke of,—neighbors or police

  dropping in, you know,—in such a case I suppose I ought to

  be prepared with a correct history of myself. To begin with,

  might I inquire what our name is?—our family name, I

  mean."
"Simpson."
"Simpson. Ah, yes; very good. Matilda Simpson—Angelica

  Simpson—and, let us say, Archibald Simpson. And where was I

  born, Matilda?"
"You weren't ever born," protested Matilda with frightened

  indignation.
"Now don't be facetious or superfluous, sister dear," he said

  soothingly. "Granted for the sake of argument I wasn't ever born.

  But where might I have been born?"
"I was born near Albany."
"Near Albany is perfectly agreeable to me," said [pg 159] Mr.

  Pyecroft. "And how many are there in our family?"
"Just Angelica and me."
"Then there really is an authentical Angelica?"
"Yes."
"Excellent. And our parents?"
"They died when I was a child."
"I'm grieved, indeed, to learn of it," said Mr. Pyecroft. "But

  I'll admit it simplifies matters; there's less to remember.

  Angelica, our sister here, who is also visiting you, lives near

  Syracuse I understood some one to say. Married or single?"
"Married," Matilda choked out.
"Her married name?"
"Jones."
"Angelica Simpson Jones. Good. Very euphonious. And how many

  little nieces and nephews am I the happy uncle of?"
"She—she has no children."
"That's too bad, for I have a particular fondness for

  children," sorrowed Mr. Pyecroft. "Still, that also simplifies

  matters, lessening considerably the percentage of chances for

  regrettable lapses of memory."
He pursued his genealogical inquiries into all possibly useful

  details. And then he sat meditative for a while, gazing amiably

  about his family circle. And it was while they were all thus

  sitting silent, in what in the dim light of the one shaded

  electric bulb might have seemed to an observer the silence of

  intimacy, [pg 160] that Jack, who had slipped

  cautiously downstairs, walked in, behind him Mary.
"Matilda, what's this mean?" he demanded, with a bewildered

  look. "We've been wondering why you didn't come upstairs."
Mrs. De Peyster turned in her chair, and held her breath, like

  one beneath the guillotine. Matilda arose, shaking.
"Who's this man, Matilda?" Jack continued.
"He—ah—er—he's—"
"And, pray, Matilda, who is this?" politely inquired the

  arisen Mr. Pyecroft, blandly assuming command of the

  situation.
"Who am I? Well, you certainly have nerve—" the

  astounded Jack was beginning.
"He's Mr. Jack," Matilda put in. "Jack De Peyster."
"Ah, young Mr. De Peyster!" Mr. Pyecroft's eyebrows went up

  slightly and a shrewd light flashed into his rounded eyes and was

  at once gone, and again his face was blandly clerical. "It is,

  indeed, a pleasure to meet you, Mr. De Peyster. And, pray, who

  is this?" with a suave gesture toward Mary.
"That, sir, is my wife!" Jack announced, stiff with anger.
Again Mr. Pyecroft's eyes flashed shrewdly, and again were

  clerically rounded.
"My dear sir, that is, indeed, surprising. I have seen no

  public notice of your marriage. And I watch the marriage

  announcements quite closely—which [pg 161] is

  rather natural, for, if I may be permitted to mention it, I

  myself am frequently called upon to perform the holy rites." His

  face clouded with what seemed a painful suspicion. "I trust, sir,

  that you are really married?"
"Why, damn you—"
"Sir, you must not thus address the cloth!" sternly interposed

  Mr. Pyecroft. "It is our duty to speak frankly, and to make due

  inquiry into the propriety of such relations. However, since you

  say so, I am sure the affair is strictly correct." His voice

  softened, became nobly apologetic. "No harm has been meant, and

  if any offense has been felt, I assure you of my deepest

  regrets."
"See here, who the devil are you?" demanded Jack.
Mr. Pyecroft turned to Matilda.
"Matilda, my dear, will you kindly tell young Mr. De Peyster

  who I am."
Matilda seemed about to choke. "He's—he's my—my

  brother."
"Your brother!" exclaimed Jack, "I didn't know you had a

  brother. You never spoke of one."
"Which was entirely natural," said Mr. Pyecroft, with an air

  of pious remorse. "Matilda has been ashamed to speak of me. To be

  utterly frank—and it is meet that one who has been what I

  have been should be humble and ready to confess—for many

  years I was the black sheep of the family, my name unmentioned.

  But sometime since I was snatched a [pg 162]

  brand from the burning; I have remained silent about myself until

  I could give to my family, which had properly disowned me, a long

  record to prove my reformation. I am now striving by my devotion

  to make some amends for my previous shortcomings."
Jack stared incomprehensibly at this unexpected clerical

  brother of Matilda's, with his unquenchable volubility. Mr.

  Pyecroft gazed back with appropriate humility, yet with a lofty

  self-respect.
Jack turned away with a shrug, and pointed at the dark figure

  of Mrs. De Peyster.
"And who is that, Matilda?"
"That, sir," put in Mr. Pyecroft quickly, easily, to forestall

  any blunder by the hapless Matilda—and deftly interposing

  himself between Jack and Mrs. De Peyster, "that is our

  sister."
"The one who lives in Syracuse?"
"Yes; and she is indisposed," said Mr. Pyecroft. "Our sister

  Angelica Simpson Jones," he elaborated. "Matilda is the eldest, I

  am the youngest; there are just us three children."
"And might I ask, Matilda, without intending discourtesy,"

  said Jack, eyeing Mr. Pyecroft with disfavor, "how long your

  brother and sister intend to remain?"
"Matilda invited us for the summer," said Mr. Pyecroft

  apologetically.
"For the summer!" repeated Jack in dismay. Then he spoke to

  Matilda, caustically: "I suppose [pg 163] it's all right,

  Matilda, but has it been your fixed custom, when we've been away

  for the summer, to fill the house with your family?"
"Please, Mr. Jack, please," imploringly began Matilda, and

  could utter nothing further.
"Great God!" Jack burst out in exasperation. "Not that I'd

  object ordinarily to your relatives being here, Matilda. But

  running this place just now as a hotel, who knows but it may let

  out the fact that we're here!"
Mr. Pyecroft's eyebrows went up—ever so little.
"Ah, I understand. You wish your presence in the house to be a

  secret."
"Of course! Hasn't Matilda told you?"
"I only just arrived. She hasn't had time. But of course she

  would have done so. You are—ah"—his tone was

  delicate—"evading the police?"
"The police! We don't care a hang about the police, though, of

  course, we don't want them to know. It's the infernal reporters

  we care about."
"The reporters?" softly pursued Mr. Pyecroft.
"Yes, but one reporter in particular—a beast by the name

  of Mayfair, I've had a tip that he suspects something; already

  he's tried to get into the house as a gas-meter inspector."
At the mention of that indomitable, remorseless, undeceivable

  newsgatherer, Mayfair, and the possibility of his gaining

  entrance into the house, Mrs. De Peyster experienced a new

  shudder.
"What would be the harm if Mr. Mayfair did get [pg 164] in?"

  Imperceptibly prodded Mr. Pyecroft. "He would merely write a

  piece about you for his paper."
"And his confounded piece, or the main facts in it, would be

  cabled to Europe!"
"Ah, I think I see," said Mr. Pyecroft. "Mrs. De Peyster would

  read about your marriage in the Paris 'Herald' or some other

  European paper. You do not wish your mother to know of your

  marriage—yet."
"I supposed Matilda had already told you that," said Jack.
"Ah, so that is why you are here in hiding," said Mr.

  Pyecroft, very softly, chiefly to himself; and his eyes had

  another momentary flash, only brighter than any heretofore, and

  his mouth twitched upward, and he pleasantly rubbed his

  hands.
At that moment, from the stairway, came the sound of

  descending steps. Jack and Mary appeared undisturbed. Mr.

  Pyecroft became taut, though no one could have observed a change,

  Mrs. De Peyster quivered with yet deeper apprehension. Would the

  trials and tribulations and Pharaonic plagues never cease

  descending on her!
Matilda gazed wildly at Jack. "Who's that?" she quavered.
"Only Uncle Bob," Jack answered carelessly.
Only Uncle Bob! Mrs. De Peyster, in her dim corner, tried to

  shrivel up into yet darker obscurity. Breathlessly she felt

  herself upon the precipitous edge of ultimate horror. For Judge

  Harvey—Judge [pg 165] Harvey of all persons—to be

  the one to discover her amid her humiliating circumstances!
Dimly she heard Jack talk on, explaining in casual tone: "You

  know, Matilda, Uncle Bob has always had the general oversight of

  the house when it's been closed during summers; and he's always

  made it his business to drop in occasionally to see that

  everything's all right. I got him word we were here, and he

  dropped in this evening to call on us—and along came this

  awful rain and we coaxed him to stay the night. Uncle Bob and you

  are lucky, Matilda, you can both come and go without arousing any

  suspicion."
Only the Judge!... Yet, for all her horror, a new phase of the

  general predicament filtered into such consciousness as she now

  possessed. Judge Harvey, irate purchaser of autograph letters,

  and Mr. Pyecroft, alias Thomas Preston, profuse producer

  of the same, were under the same roof and were about to meet.

  What would happen when they came face to face?—for she

  remembered now that a bad likeness of Thomas Preston had several

  times appeared in the papers. She turned her head toward the

  doorway and peered through her veil, waiting.
When Judge Harvey entered, Mr. Pyecroft started. Upon the

  instant he had recognized Judge Harvey. But the next moment Mr.

  Pyecroft was himself. Jack gave the necessary introductions, the

  one to Angelica Simpson Jones at long distance, and gave a brief

  explanation of the presence of the two [pg 166]

  guests. During this while Judge Harvey repeatedly glanced at Mr.

  Pyecroft, a puzzled look on his countenance.
"Excuse me, Mr. Simpson," he remarked presently, "but your

  face seems elusively familiar to me. I seem to know it, yet I

  cannot place it. Haven't I met you somewhere?"
"Perhaps you were a lay delegate to the recent Episcopal

  Convention in New York?" politely suggested Mr. Pyecroft.
"No. I did not even attend any of the sessions."
"Then, of course, it could not have been there that you saw

  me," said Mr. Pyecroft.
"Perhaps it will come to me," said Judge Harvey.
"Perhaps," said Mr. Pyecroft.
Mrs. De Peyster, for all her personal apprehension, could but

  marvel at this young man of the sea who had fastened himself upon

  her back. Most amazing of all, he seemed to like the taste of his

  danger.
"Judge Harvey, Mr. De Peyster was remarking when you came in,"

  Mr. Pyecroft continued without permitting a lull, "that he wished

  his presence in this house to remain unknown. Also I had just

  told him and his young wife that my earlier years were given over

  to a life for which I have been trying to atone by good works.

  Now I have a very humiliating further confession to make to you

  all. Recently there has been—may I call it a

  recrudescence?—an uncontrollable recrudescence of my former

  regrettable [pg 167] self. For a disastrous moment the

  Mr. Hyde element in me, which I thought I had stifled and cast

  out, arose and possessed me. In brief, I have been guilty of an

  error which the police consider serious; in fact, the police are

  this moment searching for me. So you see, I am in the same

  situation as Mr. De Peyster: I prefer my whereabouts to remain

  unknown. Since we are in each other's hands, and it is in our

  power each to betray the other, shall we not all, as a quid

  pro quo, agree to preserve Mr. De Peyster's and my presence

  in this house a secret? For my part, I promise."
"I'm willing," said Jack.
"And I," said Mary. "Anyhow, I never get a chance to tell, for

  I haven't been out of this house once."
"And you, Judge Harvey? You will—ah—protect

  me?"
Judge Harvey bit the end of his mustache. "I don't like this

  bargaining over a matter of justice. But—for Jack's sake,

  yes."
"Thank you, Judge Harvey," Mr. Pyecroft said in a soft,

  grateful voice, and with a slight, dignified bow.
Mrs. De Peyster drew a deep breath. He certainly was a cool

  one.
"There's something that's just been occurring to me," spoke up

  Jack. "It's along of that infernal reporter Mayfair who's

  snooping around here. He's likely to get in here any time. If he

  were to find me [pg 168] here alone, there'd be nothing for

  him to write about. It's finding me here, married, that will give

  him one of his yellow stories, and that will put mother next.

  Matilda, since you already have so large a family visiting you, I

  suppose you wouldn't mind taking on one more and saying that Mary

  here was something or other of yours—say a niece?"
"Oh, that would be delicious" laughed Mary.
"Why, Mr. Jack,—I! I—" The flustered Matilda could

  get out no more.
"Mr. Simpson, couldn't you say she was your daughter?" queried

  Jack.
"I would be only too delighted to own her as such," said Mr.

  Pyecroft. "But I am not married and I am obviously too young.

  However,"—moving closer to Mrs. De Peyster,—"our

  sister Angelica is married, and I am sure it will be a great

  pleasure to her to claim Mrs. De Peyster as her daughter.

  Angelica, my dear, of course you'll do it?"
Mrs. De Peyster sat rigid, voiceless.
"What's the matter?" asked Mary, in deep concern.
"Our sister probably did not hear, she is slightly deaf," Mr.

  Pyecroft explained. He bent over Mrs. De Peyster, made a trumpet

  of one hand, and raised his voice. "Angelica, if any other person

  comes into the house, you are to say that young Mrs. De Peyster

  is your daughter. You understand?"
Mrs. De Peyster nodded.
"And of course you'll say it?"[pg 169]
For a moment Mrs. De Peyster was again rigid. Then slowly she

  nodded.
The spirit of the masquerade seized upon Mary. "Oh, mother

  dear,—what a comfort to have you!" she cried with

  mischievous glee; and arms wide as if for a daughterly embrace

  she swept toward Mrs. De Peyster.
Mrs. De Peyster shriveled back. She stopped living. In another

  moment—
But the Reverend Mr. Pyecroft, alias Archibald Simpson,

  alias Thomas Preston, alias God knows what else,

  stepped quickly between her and the on-coming Mary, and with an

  air of brotherly concern held out an intercepting hand.
"No excitement, please. The doctor's orders."
"Is it anything serious?" Mary asked anxiously.
"We hope not," in a grave voice. "It is chiefly nervous

  exhaustion due to a period of worry over a trying domestic

  situation."
"That's too bad!" Very genuine sympathy was in Mary's soft

  contralto. "But if she's unwell, she ought to have more air. Why

  don't you draw up that heavy veil?"
"S-s-h! Not so loud, I beg you. If she heard you speak of her

  veil, it would pain her greatly. You see," Mr. Pyecroft

  unhesitatingly went on in a low, compassionate tone, "our sister,

  while trying to light a gasoline stove—It was a gasoline

  stove, was it not, Matilda?"
"Ah—er—ye-yes," corroborated

  Matilda.[pg 170]
"A gasoline stove, yes," continued the grave voice of Mr.

  Pyecroft. "It was during the very first year after her marriage.

  The explosion that followed disfigured her face frightfully. She

  is extremely sensitive; so much so that she invariably wears a

  heavy veil when she goes out of her own house."
"Why, how terrible!" cried Mary.
"Yes, isn't it! All of our family have felt for poor Angelica

  most deeply. And furthermore, she is sensitive about her

  deafness—which, I may add, was caused by the same accident.

  And her various misfortunes have made her extremely shy, so the

  less attention that is paid to her, the happier the poor creature

  is."
Mary withdrew among the others. Slowly Mrs. De Peyster

  returned once more to life. She hardly knew how she had escaped,

  save that it had been through some miracle of that awful Mr.

  Pyecroft's amazing tongue.
"By the way, Matilda," she heard Mary remark, "did you read in

  to-night's papers about Mrs. De Peyster's voyage? You know she

  landed to-day."
"No, ma'—Mary," said Matilda.
"The paper said she was so ill all the way across that she

  wasn't able to leave her stateroom once." Mary's voice was very

  sympathetic. "Why, she was so ill she couldn't leave the boat

  until after dark, hours after all the other passengers had

  gone."
"I never knew mother to be seasick before," said Jack, in deep

  concern.[pg 171]
Judge Harvey said nothing, but his fine, handsome face was

  disturbed. Jack noted the look, and, suddenly catching the

  Judge's hand, said with a burst of boyish frankness:—
"Uncle Bob, you're worried more than any of us! You know I've

  always liked you like a father—and—and here's hoping

  some day mother'll change her mind—and you'll be my father

  in reality!"
"Thank you, Jack!" the Judge said huskily, gripping Jack's

  hand.
Over in her corner, beneath her veil, Mrs. De Peyster flushed

  hotly.
They talked on about the distant Mrs. De Peyster, and she

  listened with keenest ears. They were all so sympathetic about

  her—sick—alone—in far-off Europe. So

  sympathetic—so very, very sympathetic!
As for Mr. Pyecroft, standing on guard beside her, he looked

  appropriately grave. But inside his gravity he was smiling. These

  people had no guess that in a way he was connected with the great

  Mrs. De Peyster of whom they talked—that "Miss Gardner" who

  was the companion to the ailing social leader in France was

  something more than just Miss Gardner. And he felt no reason for

  revealing his little secret.... Clara, the dear little Puritan,

  would be scandalized by this his wildest escapade—by his

  having used, after all and despite her prohibition, Mrs. De

  Peyster's closed house as a retreat; but when she came back from

  Europe, and he made her [pg 172] see in its proper light this

  gorgeous and profitable lark, she would relent and forgive him.

  Why, of course, she would forgive him.
He was very optimistic, was Mr. Pyecroft; and the founder of

  his family must have been a certain pagan gentleman by the name

  of Pan.[pg 173]
CHAPTER XIV
THE ATTIC ROOM
Mrs. De Peyster gave thanks when at last, toward one o'clock

  Jack and Mary and Judge Harvey went back to bed, leaving Matilda,

  Mr. Pyecroft, and herself. It had previously been settled that

  Mr. Pyecroft was to have Jack's old room, Matilda was, of course,

  to have her usual quarters, and Mrs. De Peyster was to have the

  room adjoining Matilda's, that formerly was occupied by Mrs. De

  Peyster's second maid.
"Say, that was certainly one close shave," Mr. Pyecroft

  whispered at the door of her room. "Perhaps we'd better beat it

  from here. If that Judge ever places me! And you, if those people

  ever get a fair look at your face, they'll see your likeness to

  Mrs. De Peyster and they'll guess what our game is—sure!

  You'll promise to be careful?"
Mrs. De Peyster promised.
Fifteen minutes later, having been undressed by Matilda, she

  was lying in the dark on a narrow bed, hard, very hard, as hard

  as Mrs. Gilbert's folding contrivance—and once more, after

  this her second move, she was studying the items of her

  situation.
She had daily to mix with, strive to avoid, Jack [pg 174] and

  Mary. And Jack had casually remarked that Judge Harvey would be

  frequently dropping in.
And there was that bland, incorrigible Pyecroft, whom she

  seemed to have become hopelessly tied to; Pyecroft, irresistibly

  insisting that she should swindle herself, and whom she saw no

  way of denying.
Suppose Pyecroft should find out? He might.
Suppose Jack and Mary should find out? They might.
Suppose Judge Harvey should find out? He might.
And suppose all this business of her not going to Europe, but

  staying in her shuttered house—her flight from

  home—her humiliating experiences in an ordinary

  boarding-house where she passed as a housekeeper—her being

  forced into a plan to rob herself—suppose Mrs. Allistair

  should find out? And Mrs. Allistair, she well knew, might somehow

  stumble upon all this; for she remembered how Mrs. Allistair had

  tried, and perhaps was still trying, to get some piquant bit of

  evidence against her in that Duke de Cr&#233;cy affair. And

  if Mrs. Allistair did find out—
What a scandal!
And since her fate had become so inextricably tied up with the

  fates of others, and since the exposure of others might involve

  the exposure of her, there were yet further sources of danger.

  For—
There was that awful reporter watching the house, after

  Jack!
There were the police, after Pyecroft![pg 175]
She shuddered. This was only the seventh day since her

  inspired idea had been born within her. And it was only that very

  day that she had landed at Cherbourg. Three months must pass

  before Olivetta, in the role of Mrs. De Peyster, would return,

  and she could be herself again—if they could ever, ever

  manage their expected re-exchange of personalities in this awful

  mess.
Only seven days thus far. Three more months of this!
Three ... more ... months!...
But at length she slept; slept deeply, for she had the gift of

  sleep in its perfection; slept a complete and flawless oblivion.

  So that when she awoke Saturday, refreshed, and glanced blinking

  about from her thin pillow she did not at first remember where

  she was. This low room, four by seven feet, with a narrow bed

  penitentially hard, a stationary wash-basin, a row of iron

  clothes-hooks, a foot-high oblong window above her

  head—what was it? How had she come here? And had any one

  ever before lived in such a cell?
Then memory came flooding back. This was her second maid's

  room. She was Angelica Simpson Jones, sister of Matilda, a poor,

  diffident creature with defective hearing and pitifully

  disfigured face. And in the house were Mr. Pyecroft, and Jack and

  Mary, and Judge Harvey was a frequent visitor. And besides these,

  there were all the other sources of danger!
She was now poignantly awake.[pg 176]
While she was still in this process of realization, there was

  a soft knock at her door and a whispered, "It's Matilda, ma'am,"

  at her keyhole. She unlocked the door, admitted Matilda, and

  crept back into her second maid's bed. They gazed at each other a

  moment without speaking. Matilda's face was gray with awe and

  helpless woe.
They whispered about their predicament. What should they do?

  Should they flee again?—and how?—and where?—and

  what good would flight do them, especially since Mr. Pyecroft

  might once more follow? Twice they had leaped from the

  frying-pan, and each time had landed in a fire hotter than the

  one preceding. A third flight might drop them into a fire worse

  even than this in which they now sizzled.
And as for the specific plan which had brought them

  back—for Mrs. De Peyster to steal unnoticed into her suite

  and hide there—that seemed impossible of achievement with

  all these people circulating about the house, especially that

  all-observing Mr. Pyecroft. If Mr. Pyecroft should catch her in

  one suspicious move, then his quick mind would deduce the rest,

  and everything would be up—everything!
There was, of course, yet another way—to give up and

  disclose her identity herself. But she was now far, far too

  deeply involved: to confess and thus by her own act bring

  limitless and appalling humiliation on herself, this was

  unthinkable! She must go on, on, blindly on—with the

  desperate hope that in some manner now unseen she might in the

  end [pg

  177] disentangle herself and come out of the affair

  undiscovered and with dignity untarnished. The two were still

  whispering over their predicament, when at the door sounded

  another knock, loud and confident. They caught at each other. The

  knocking was repeated.
"Who's that?" Matilda asked, at Mrs. De Peyster's

  prompting.
"It's Archibald," answered a bland voice.
"Ma'am, shall I let him in?" breathed Matilda.
"We don't dare keep him out," breathed Mrs. De Peyster.
Matilda admitted him. Even in the semi-darkness of the room,

  due to the green shutters being closed, Mrs. De Peyster could see

  that he was admirably transformed from the raven Mr. Pyecroft of

  the night before. He had on a gray modish suit, with lavender tie

  and socks to match; and looked natty and young and spirited and

  quite prepared for anything.
"Good morning, sisters," he greeted them pleasantly. "I see

  you are admiring my new spring outfit. Not at all bad, is it?" He

  turned slowly about, for their better observation; then grinned

  and lowered his voice: "It's young De Peyster's; found it in his

  room, and helped myself. Burned my clergyman's outfit in the

  kitchen range before any one was up; best to leave no clues lying

  around."
He, too, had come to talk plans, and quickly Mr. Pyecroft

  settled them. This was a dangerous place [pg 178] for

  him, with Judge Harvey coming and going; but to stay here was a

  safer risk than to venture forth until the hue and cry of the

  police had quieted. It was a dangerous place also for his dear

  sister Angelica, but if on the plea of indisposition she would

  stay in this dusky room and would keep her disfigured face hidden

  when any member of the household chanced to come in (they would

  all understand, and sympathize with, her painful diffidence),

  why, there was an excellent chance of her pulling through without

  discovery. It was obvious that they dared not keep out Jack and

  Mary, and perhaps Judge Harvey, should these be inspired to make

  friendly calls. To forbid their visits would arouse suspicion.

  And if it were said Angelica was too ill to see any one, then

  they would demand that a doctor be called in—and a doctor

  would mean exposure. Their visits must be permitted; no doubt of

  that; but if dear Angelica were only careful, extremely careful,

  and kept her head, all would go well.
Yes, summarized Mr. Pyecroft, the best plan for them was to

  remain here for the present. Then when the safe and appropriate

  moment arrived, they could make their get-away.
From quite other reasons, Mrs. De Peyster accepted this plan.

  After the strain of the past week, particularly after the wild

  emotional oscillations of the preceding night, she wished just to

  lie there in the dusk, and breathe—and breathe—and

  breathe some more—and recover life.[pg 179]
Matilda suggested that she bring up breakfast for Mrs. De

  Peyster, and Mr. Pyecroft begged her to discover and set out

  something below for him, for his stomach was a torturing vacuum.

  Matilda went down, leaving Mr. Pyecroft behind in the room,

  discussing further details of their immediate campaign; and

  presently she returned, trembling, with a tray, Jack and Mary

  just behind her. Mrs. De Peyster did not need to be prompted to

  turn her face toward the wall, and into the deeper shadow that

  there prevailed. Mr. Pyecroft casually sat down upon the bed near

  its head, making an excellent further screen.
Mr. Pyecroft noted that Jack was observing his raiment. "I

  trust, Mr. De Peyster, you will pardon the liberty I have taken

  with your clothes. My own were still wet from last night."
"That's all right," said Jack. "But, say, Matilda, have your

  sister eat her breakfast. What we've come to talk about can

  wait."
But Matilda's sister, after all, wished no breakfast. And

  solicitation could not rouse in her an appetite.
"Very well," said Jack. "Then to the point. I thought we'd

  better all get together on the matter at once. It's about

  food."
"Food?" queried Mr. Pyecroft, a bit blankly.
"Yes, and it's some problem, you bet. Here's a house that is

  supposed to be empty. And within this empty house are five

  adults. Do you get me?"
"Isn't it terrible!" cried Mary.[pg 180]
"Five adults," repeated Jack. "How are we going to get food in

  here for them without exciting suspicion?"
"As you say," mused Mr. Pyecroft with a wry face, "that is

  certainly some problem. My own appetite is already one

  magnitudinous toothache."
Jack enlarged upon their situation.
"Since Judge Harvey tipped me off to the fact that the

  newspapers smelled a story, and since that reporter Mayfair and

  other reporters began to watch this house, I've had to give up

  going out. We two would have starved but for what Judge Harvey

  and William managed to slip in to us. Even with that, we've

  almost starved. In fact, we've been driven by hunger about to the

  point of giving in, going out, acknowledging our marriage and

  taking the consequences."
Mrs. De Peyster, face buried in the shadow, thrilled with a

  sudden rush of hope. If Jack and Mary should leave the house,

  then half her danger would be ended!
"But, you see, since that news yesterday about mother being so

  sick in Europe," Jack continued solicitously, "I feel that, in

  her weakened condition, the news of our marriage might be a very

  severe shock for her. So for her sake we're going to keep the

  thing secret for a while yet, and stick it out here."
Mrs. De Peyster could hardly keep back a groan.
"So, now," Jack again propounded, "what the dickens are the

  five of us going to do?"[pg 181]
Mr. Pyecroft rubbed his wide mouth for a meditative moment.

  Then he smiled upon Matilda.
"It seems to me, sister dear, that we'll have to put it up to

  you."
"Up to me?" cried Matilda.
"Yes, Matilda. You belong here; you can come and go as a

  matter of course. You have a sister visiting you; also a brother,

  but as I have requested, the less said about his being here the

  better. But you can go out and openly order provisions for

  yourself and our sister. And you can give a good large order for

  nourishing canned goods, casually mentioning that you are laying

  in a supply so that you will not have to bother again soon with

  staples. That, with what Judge Harvey and William can smuggle in,

  should keep us provided for."
Mr. Pyecroft's suggestion was approved by the majority. As an

  addendum to his proposal Matilda was ordered to answer the bell

  whenever rung; if she did not, with the knowledge abroad that she

  was in the house, a dangerous suspicion might be aroused. But she

  should be careful when she went to the door, very careful.
Matilda was driven forth to make the purchases; Mr. Pyecroft,

  under Jack's guidance, went below to forage for the

  an&#230;sthetic of immediate crumbs; and Mary,

  tender-heartedly, remained behind to relieve the tedium of and

  give comfort to the invalid. She straightened up the room a bit;

  urged the patient [pg 182] to eat, to no avail; then went out

  of the room for a minute, and reappeared with a book.
"I'm going to read to you, Angelica," she announced, in a loud

  yet nursey voice. "I suppose your taste in books is about the

  same as your sister's. Here's a story I found in Matilda's room.

  It's called 'Wormwood.' I'm sure you'll like it."
So placed that she could get all of the dim light that slanted

  through the tiny shuttered window, Mary began, her voice raised

  to meet the need of Mrs. De Peyster's aural handicap. Now Marie

  Corelli may have been the favorite novelist of a certain amiable

  queen, who somehow managed to continue to the age of eighty-two

  despite her preference. But Mrs. De Peyster liked no fiction; and

  the noble platitudes, the resounding moralizings, the prodigious

  melodrama, the vast caverns of words of the queen's favorite made

  Mrs. De Peyster writhe upon her second maid's undentable bed. If

  only she actually did possess the divine gift of defective

  hearing with which Mr. Pyecroft had afflicted her! But in the

  same loud voice, trying to conceal her own boredom, Mary read on,

  on, on—patiently on.
At length Matilda returned. Mary closed the book with a sigh

  of relief, which on the instant she repressed.
"I'll read to you for a while two or three times a day," she

  promised. "I know what a comfort it is to a sick person to hear a

  story she likes."
Mrs. De Peyster did not even thank her.[pg 183]
CHAPTER XV
DOMESTIC SCENES
The provisions arrived; Mr. Pyecroft proved himself agreeably

  competent and willing in the matter of their preparation; and

  such as had appetites gorged themselves. Also Mr. Pyecroft proved

  himself agreeably competent and willing to do his full share, and

  more, in the matter of cleaning up.
Later in the forenoon, Mary again called on Mrs. De Peyster.

  "I hope you don't mind a little praise directed at your family,

  Angelica," she said, in the loud voice she had adopted for that

  unfortunate. "At first Jack and I thought your brother Archibald

  was—well—too pompous. You know, clergymen are often

  that way. But the more we see of him, the better we like him.

  He's so pleasant, so helpful. I hope the little trouble he spoke

  of being in with the police isn't serious, for Jack and I think

  he's simply splendid!"
Archibald's sister seemed indifferent to this praise of her

  brother. At least she said nothing. So Mary took up "Wormwood"

  and half-shouted another installment.
The spirits of Jack and Mary, which during the previous

  evening and the earlier part of this morning had been subdued by

  concern over the illness of the [pg 184] distant Mrs. De

  Peyster, had, an hour before Mary's second visit, become suddenly

  hilarious. While Mary read, Mrs. De Peyster wondered over this

  change. When the book was closed upon the installment, she

  hesitatingly asked concerning this mystery.
"It's news about Mrs. De Peyster," answered Mary. "But of

  course it could hardly interest you much, for you've never met

  her—at least I supposed not, Angelica."
"I've—seen her," corrected Angelica. "What—what

  news?"
"Why," cried Mary in her soft, happy contralto, "Judge Harvey

  just telephoned that the latest papers contain cables saying that

  Mrs. De Peyster has just left Paris on that long motor trip of

  hers to the Balkans. That means that Jack's mother must be quite

  well again. We all feel so relieved—so very, very

  relieved!"
Mrs. De Peyster also felt relief—and some badly needed

  courage flowed into her. Olivetta's part of the plan, at least,

  was working out as per schedule.
Finally Mary went, Matilda brought in her lunch, and the

  afternoon began to wear itself away, Mrs. De Peyster keeping most

  of the time to the hard, narrow bed of the second maid. Twice,

  however, she got up while Matilda guarded her door, stood at her

  high, cell-like window, and peered through the slats of the

  closed shutter, past the purple-and-lavender plumes of the

  wistaria that climbed on up to the roof, [pg 185] and

  out upon the soft, green, sunny spaces of Washington Square. The

  Square, which she had been proud to live upon but rarely walked

  in,—only children and nursemaids and the commoner people

  actually walked in it,—the Square looked so expansive, so

  free, so inviting. And this tiny cell—these days of early

  May were unseasonably, hot—seemed to grow more narrow and

  more stifling every moment. How had any one ever, ever

  voluntarily endured it!
Mrs. De Peyster learned that Jack was studying at home, and

  studying hard. With the return of Matilda to the house, Jack

  repeated his instruction concerning the piano: Matilda was to

  tell any inquisitive folk that Mrs. De Peyster had bought a

  player-piano shortly before she sailed, and that she, Matilda,

  was operating it to while away the tedious hours. This device

  made it possible for Mary to begin her neglected practice.
With the certainty of being bored, yet with an irrepressible

  curiosity, Mrs. De Peyster, piano-lover, awaited during the

  morning and early forenoon Mary's first assault upon the

  instrument. She would be crude, no doubt of it; no technique, no

  poetic suavity of touch, no sense of interpretation.
When from the rear drawing-room the grand piano sent upwards

  to Mrs. De Peyster its first strains, they were rapid, careless

  scales and runs. Quite as she'd expected. Then the player began

  Chopin's Ballade [pg 186] in G Minor. Mrs. De Peyster

  listened contemptuously; then with rebellious interest; then with

  complete absorption. That person below could certainly play the

  piano—brilliantly, feelingly, with the touch and insight of

  an artist. Mrs. De Peyster's soul rose and fell with the soul of

  the song, and when the piano, after its uprushing, almost human

  closing cry, fell sharply into silence, she was for the moment

  that piano's vassal.
Then she remembered who was the player. Instinctively her

  emotions chilled; and she lay stiffly in bed, hostile, on guard,

  defying the charm of the further music.
Suddenly the piano broke off in the very middle of Liszt's

  Rhapsodic Number Twelve. The way the music snapped off startled

  her. There was something inexplicably ominous about it.

  Intuitively she felt that something was happening below. She

  wondered what it could be.
An hour passed; she continued wondering; then Matilda entered

  the attic room, behind her Mr. Pyecroft and Mary.
"Sister"—such familiarity was difficult to Matilda, even

  though she knew this familiarity was necessary to maintain the

  roles circumstances and Mr. Pyecroft had forced upon

  them—"sister," she quavered, "I thought you might be

  interested to know that the bell rang awhile ago, and I went

  down, and there was a man—with a note to me from—from

  Mrs. De Peyster."[pg 187]
"What!" exclaimed Mrs. De Peyster, in an almost natural

  tone.
"It—it's disturbed us all so much that I thought you

  might like to look at it. Here it is."
Shakingly, Matilda held out a sheet of paper. Shakingly, but

  without turning to face her visitors, Mrs. De Peyster took it.

  There was enough light to see that the letter was written on

  heavy paper embossed at the top with a flag and "S.S. Plutonia,"

  and was dated the evening she had supposedly gone on board. The

  note read:—

DEAR MATILDA:—
Just at this late moment I recall something which,

      in the hurry of getting off, I forgot to tell you

      about.

      This is that I left instructions with Mr. Howard, an

      expert cabinet-maker, who has previously done

      things for me under the supervision of the Tiffany

      Studios, to go over all my furniture while I am abroad

      and touch up and repair such pieces as may be out

      of order. I am sending this letter to Mr. Howard

      for him or his representative to present for

      identification

      to you when he is ready to undertake the

      work. See that he has every facility.

Mrs. De Peyster lay dizzily still. Such an order she had never

  given. But the writing was amazingly similar to her own.
"Well, Matilda?" she managed to inquire, in a voice she tried

  to make like the sickly Angelica's.[pg 188]
"When the man showed me the note, I tried to put him off; but

  he simply wouldn't go and he followed me in. His orders, he said.

  I showed the letter to Mary and Mr. Pyecroft. The man saw them.

  They said call up Judge Harvey and ask him what to do. I did and

  Judge Harvey came down and he examined the letter and said it was

  undoubtedly written by Mrs. De Peyster. And he called up the

  Tiffany Studios, and they said they'd had such a telephone order

  from Mrs. De Peyster."
"Jack and I never dreamed that his mother might have left

  orders to have people in here to renovate the house!" cried Mary

  in dismay.
"Then—then Judge Harvey asked the man to put off the

  work," Matilda went on. "The man was very polite, but he said his

  orders from Mrs. De Peyster had been strict, and if he wasn't

  allowed to go on with the work, he said, in order to protect

  himself, he'd have to cable Mrs. De Peyster that the people

  occupying her house wouldn't let him. Judge Harvey didn't want

  Mrs. De Peyster to find out about Mr. and Mrs. Jack, so he told

  the man to go ahead."
"And the man?" breathed Mrs. De Peyster. "Where is he?"
"He's down in the drawing-room, beginning on the tables."
"It seems to me," suggested Mr. Pyecroft, "that since this

  summer hotel is filling so rapidly, we might as well withdraw our

  advertisements from the papers."[pg 189]
"I wonder, ma'—" Matilda checked herself just in time.

  "I wonder, Angelica," she exclaimed desperately, "who it'll be

  next?"
"Isn't it simply awful!" cried Mary. "But Jack's gone into

  hiding and isn't going to stir—and the man didn't see

  him—and I'm your niece, you know. So Jack and I are in no

  danger. Anyhow, Judge Harvey gave the man a—a large fee not

  to mention any one being in the house besides Matilda, and the

  man promised. So I guess all of us are safe."
But no such sentiment of security comforted Mrs. De

  Peyster.
Who was the man?
What was he here for?
One thing was certain: he and those behind him had made clever

  and adequate preparations for his admission. And she dared not

  expose him, and order him out—for only that very morning

  she had left Paris on her motor trip! She could only lie on the

  second maid's narrow bed and await developments.
Matilda went out to attend to her domestic duties below; Mr.

  Pyecroft withdrew; and Mary, the sympathetic Mary,—Mary who

  had no worry, for the cabinet-maker below would in due time

  complete his routine work and take himself away,—Mary

  remained behind to apply to the invalid the soothing mental

  poultice of "Wormwood." But "Wormwood" did not torment Mrs. De

  Peyster as it had done in the forenoon. She did not hear it. She

  was thinking of the cabinet-maker below. But Mary [pg 190]

  faithfully continued; she did not cease when Mr. Pyecroft

  re&#235;ntered. There was a slightly amused look in that

  gentleman's face, but he said nothing, and seated himself on the

  foot of the bed and gazed thoughtfully at the wall of scaling

  kalsomine—and Mary's loudly pitched voice went on, and on,

  and on.
They were thus engaged when Matilda returned. She was all

  a-tremble. Behind her, holding her arm, was a smallish,

  sharp-faced young man.
"He—he came in with the roast," Matilda stammered

  wildly.
Mr. Pyecroft had sprung up from the bed.
"And who is he?"
"Mr. Mayfair, of the 'Record,'" answered the young man,

  loosing Matilda and stepping forward.
Mrs. De Peyster shivered frantically down beneath the

  bedclothes, her see-sawing hopes once more at the bottom. Mary

  leaned limply back in the shadow and hid her face.
"He tried to question me—and he made me bring

  him—" Matilda was chattering.
"May I inquire what it is you wish, Mr. Mayfair?" requested

  Mr. Pyecroft—and Matilda fled.
"You may," rapidly said the undeceivable Mr. Mayfair. Mr.

  Mayfair had learned and made his own one of the main tricks of

  that method of police inquisition known as the "third degree": to

  hurl a fact, or a suspicion with all the air of its being the

  truth, with bomb-like suddenness into the face of [pg 191] the

  unprepared suspect. "I know Jack De Peyster has made a runaway

  marriage! I know he and his wife are living secretly in this

  house!"
"Why, this news is simply astounding!" exclaimed Mr.

  Pyecroft.
"Come, now. Bluffing won't work with me. You see, I'm on to it

  all!"
"I presume it's a newspaper story you're after?" Mr. Pyecroft

  inquired politely.
"Of course!"
"Then"—in the same polite tone—"if you know it

  all, why don't you print it?"
"I want the heart-story of the runaway lovers," declared Mr.

  Mayfair.
"I'm afraid, Mr. Mayfair," Mr. Pyecroft suggested gently,

  "that you are the one who is only bluffing. You have a suspicion,

  and are trying to find evidence to support it."
"I know, I tell you!"
"Then may I inquire to whom young Mr. De Peyster is

  married?"
"I know all right!"
"Ah, then, you don't really know," said Mr. Pyecroft

  mildly.
"I know, I tell you!" Mr. Mayfair repeated in his sharp,

  third-degree manner.
"Then why trouble us? Why not, as I have already suggested,

  print it?"
"I'm here to see them!" Mr. Mayfair said peremptorily. Then

  his tone became soft, diplomatic. "The [pg 192]

  housekeeper spoke about referring me to her brother. You are her

  brother, I suppose?"
"I am."
Mr. Mayfair smiled persuasively. "If you would tell me what

  you know about them, and lead me to where they are, my paper

  would be quite willing to be liberal. Say twenty dollars."
"I'd accept it gladly," said Mr. Pyecroft, "but I know nothing

  of the matter."
"One hundred," bid Mr. Mayfair.
"I would have done it for twenty, if I could. But I couldn't

  do it for a thousand. They are not here."
"I know better!" snapped Mr. Mayfair, his manner sharp again.

  "Who's that?" he demanded suspiciously, pointing at Mary's

  shadow-veiled figure.
"That? That is my niece. The daughter of my sister Angelica

  here."
"Is she your mother?" demanded Mr. Mayfair of Mary.
"Yes, sir," breathed Mary from her corner.
"Madam, is she your daughter?"
Mrs. De Peyster did not reply.
"Pardon me, my sister is ill, and somewhat deaf," put in Mr.

  Pyecroft. "Angelica, dear," he half shouted, "the gentleman

  wishes to know if this is your daughter."
"Yes," from Mrs. De Peyster in smothered voice.
"Well, I know they're here," doggedly insisted Mr. Mayfair,

  "and I'm going to see them! I have witnesses who saw them

  enter."[pg 193]
"Indeed!" Mr. Pyecroft looked surprised and puzzled. "The

  witnesses can swear to seeing young Mr. De Peyster come in?"
"They can swear to seeing a young man and woman come in. And I

  know they were Mr. De Peyster and his wife."
"That's strange." Suddenly Mr. Pyecroft's face cleared. "I

  think I begin to understand! It was at night, wasn't it, when the

  witnesses saw them come in?"
"At night, yes."
"I'm sorry you have been caused all this trouble, Mr.

  Mayfair,"—in a tone of very genuine regret. "But there has

  been a blunder—a perfectly natural one, I now see.

  Undoubtedly the young couple your witnesses saw were my niece and

  myself."
"What!" cried Mr. Mayfair. For a moment the undeflectable star

  reporter was all chagrin. Then he was all suspicion. "But why,"

  he snapped out, "should you and your niece slip in at night? And

  why should you live here in hiding?"
"You force me into a disagreeable and humiliating admission.

  The fact is, our family is in severe financial straits. We simply

  had no money to live on, and no prospects in sight. To help us

  out temporarily, my sister Matilda invited us to stay here while

  Mrs. De Peyster is in Europe. But for Mrs. De Peyster to know of

  our being here might cost my sister Matilda her position, which

  accounts for our attempt to get in unseen and to live here

  secretly. [pg 194] We had to protect Matilda against

  the facts leaking out."
Mr. Mayfair stared searchingly at Mr. Pyecroft's face. It was

  confused, as was quite natural after the confession of a not very

  honorable, and certainly not very dignified, procedure. But it

  was candor itself.
"Hell!" he burst out irefully. "Some one has certainly given

  me a bum steer. But I'll get that young couple yet, you see!"
"I'm sorry about the story," said Mr. Pyecroft. And then with

  a slight smile, apologetic, as of one who knows he is taking

  liberties: "Perhaps, as compensation for the story you missed,

  you could write a society story about Mrs. De Peyster's

  housekeeper entertaining for the summer her brother, sister, and

  niece."
Mr. Mayfair grinned, ever so little. "You've got some sense of

  humor, old top," he approved dryly.
"Thank you," said Mr. Pyecroft, with a gratified air.
He led Mr. Mayfair past the room within which Jack was hidden,

  down to the servants' door and courteously let him out. Two

  minutes later Mr. Pyecroft was again in the second maid's room.

  Mary eagerly sprang forward and caught his hand.
"I waited to thank you—you were simply superb!" she

  cried enthusiastically. "I've been telling your sister how

  wonderful you are. She's got to forgive you—I'll make her!

  And Jack will die laughing [pg 195] when I tell him." She

  herself burst into excited merriment that half-choked her. "Just

  think of it—all the while he was looking—looking a

  big story straight in the face!"
She was off to tell Jack.
"One might add, looking two big stories straight in the face,

  eh, Angelica, my dear?" chuckled Mr. Pyecroft, alias Mr.

  Preston.
One might add, three big stories, shivered Mrs. De

  Peyster.
But she did not add this aloud.[pg 196]
CHAPTER XVI
THE MAN IN THE CELLULOID COLLAR
The amused smile which Mr. Pyecroft had worn when he had

  entered, and which he had subdued to thoughtful sobriety while

  "Wormwood" was assuaging the invalid's tribulations, began now to

  reappear. It grew. Mrs. De Peyster could but notice it, for he

  was smiling straight at her—that queer, whimsical, twisted

  smile of his.
"What is it?" she felt forced to ask.
"We three are not the only ones, my dear Angelica," he

  replied, "who are trying to slip one across on Mrs. De Peyster.

  Our friend the cabinet-maker is on the same job. I might remark,

  that he's about as much a cabinet-maker as yourself."
"What is he?"
"A detective, my dear."
"A detective!"
"The variety known as 'private,'" enlarged Mr. Pyecroft.
"What—what makes you think so?"
"Well, I felt it my duty to keep an eye on our new

  guest—unobtrusively, of course. When I slipped out a little

  while ago it was to watch him. He was working in the library;

  entirely by accident, my dear Angelica, my eye chanced to be at

  the keyhole. He [pg 197] was examining the drawers of the

  big writing-table; and not paying so much attention to the

  drawers as to the letters in them. And from the rapidity with

  which he was examining the letters it was plain the cabinet-maker

  knew exactly what he was after."
"What—do you think—it means?" breathed Mrs. De

  Peyster.
"Some person is trying to get something on Mrs. De Peyster,"

  returned Mr. Pyecroft. "What, I don't know. But the detective

  party, I've got sized up. He's one of those gracious and

  indispensable noblest-works-of-God who dig up evidence for

  divorce trials—lay traps for the so-called

  'guilty-parties,' ransack waste-paper baskets for incriminating

  scraps of letters, bribe servants—and if they find

  anything, willing to blackmail either side; remarkably impartial

  and above prejudice in this respect, one must admit. Altogether a

  most delectable breed of gentlemen. What would our best society

  do without them? And then again, what would they do without our

  best society?"
Mrs. De Peyster did not attempt an answer to this conjectural

  dilemma.
"Twin and interdependent pillars of America's shining

  morality," continued Mr. Pyecroft. "Now, like you, Angelica," he

  mused, "I wonder what the detective party is after; what the

  lofty Lady De Peyster can have been doing that is spicy?

  However," smiling at her, "Angelica, my dear, in the words of the

  great and good poet, 'We should worry.'"[pg 198]
It was only a moment later that Matilda burst into the room

  and closed the door behind her. She was almost breathless.
"He asked me for the key to"—"your" almost escaped

  Matilda—"to Mrs. De Peyster's suite. He'd been particularly

  ordered to touch up Mrs. De Peyster's private desk, he said."
"And you gave him the key?" inquired Mr. Pyecroft, asking the

  very question that was struggling at Mrs. De Peyster's lips.
"I told him I didn't have a key," said Matilda.
"Oh!" breathed Mrs. De Peyster.
"But," continued Matilda, "he said it didn't matter, for he

  said he'd been brought up a locksmith. And he picked the lock

  right before my eyes."
"That's one accomplishment of gentlemanliness I was never

  properly instructed in," said Mr. Pyecroft regretfully, almost

  plaintively. "I never could pick a lock."
"And where—is he now?" inquired Mrs. De Peyster.
"In Mrs. De Peyster's sitting-room, retouching her desk."
"He's certainly after something, and after it hot—and

  probably something big," mused Mr. Pyecroft. "Any idea what it

  can be, Matilda?"
Matilda had none.
"Any idea, Angelica?"
Mrs. De Peyster was beginning to have an idea, and a terrified

  idea; but she likewise said she had none.[pg 199]
Mrs. De Peyster wished Mr. Pyecroft would go, so she could

  give way to her feelings, talk with Matilda. But Mr. Pyecroft

  stretched out his legs, settled back, clasped his hands behind

  his head, and looked thoughtfully at the ceiling. He had an

  intellectual interest in some imaginary escapade of the

  far-distant Mrs. De Peyster; but no more; and he was obviously

  comfortable where he was.
Matilda started out, but was recalled by a glance of

  imperative appeal from Mrs. De Peyster. And so the three sat on

  in silence for a time, Mrs. De Peyster and Matilda taut with

  expectant fear, Mr. Pyecroft loungingly unconcerned.
And thus they were still sitting when there was a knock, which

  Mr. Pyecroft answered. The cabinet-maker entered. He wore a

  slouching, ready-made suit and a celluloid collar with ready-made

  bow tie snapped by an elastic over his collar-button—the

  conventional garb of the artisan who aspires for the air of

  gentlemanliness while at work. His face, though fresh-shaven, was

  dark with the sub-cutaneous stubble of a heavy beard; his eyes

  were furtive, with that masked gleam of Olympian all-confidence

  which a detective can never entirely mask.
"How are you, Miss Simpson?" he said to Matilda. "Your niece

  told me I'd find you here, so I came right up. Could I have a

  word with you outside?"
"Couldn't you have it here just as well," suggested Mr.

  Pyecroft—who somehow had [pg 200] imperceptibly taken on

  an air of mediocrity. "We're all in the family, you know."
"Mebbe it'd be better to have it here," agreed the

  cabinet-maker. "You other two are living in the house, so I

  understand, because you're hard up; so your needing money may

  help what I'm after." He suddenly and visibly expanded with

  importance. "When the time comes to put my cards on the table, I

  don't waste a minute in showing my hand. That cabinet-maker

  business was all con. I'm an officer of the law."
"You don't say!" cried Mr. Pyecroft with a startled air.
"A detective. Brown's my name. I'm here hunting for something.

  I got part of what I wanted, but not all. What I want isn't here,

  or I'd have found it; there's only three or four places it'd have

  been locked up. I know," he ended, with driving confidence, "that

  a letter was written to Mrs. De Peyster by the Duke de

  Cr&#233;cy saying he couldn't marry her. That letter is what

  I'm after."
"Oh!" breathed Mr. Pyecroft. And then with his wide-eyed

  mediocrity, "I wonder whom you represent."
"Mrs. Allistair!" exclaimed Matilda.
Mrs. De Peyster long since had been silently exclaiming the

  same.
"Why, what could Mrs. Allistair want it for?" queried the

  futile-looking brother.[pg 201]
"Never mind who I represent, or the reasons of the party,"

  said Mr. Brown. "That letter is what I'm after, and I'm willing

  to pay for it. That's what ought to concern you folks."
"But if there ever was such a letter," commented Mr. Pyecroft

  with his simple-minded manner, "perhaps Mrs. de Peyster destroyed

  it."
"Perhaps she did. But I found two others he wrote her. And if

  she didn't tear it up or burn it, I'm going to have it!"
He directed himself at Matilda, and spoke slowly,

  suggestively, impressively. "Confidential servants, who think a

  bit of number one, should be on the lookout for documents and

  letters that may be of future value to themselves. I guess you

  get me. For the original of the letter I'm willing to come across

  with five hundred dollars."
"But I have no such letter!" cried Matilda.
"I might make it a thousand," conceded the detective. "And,"

  he added, "the money might come in very handy for your sick

  sister there."
"But I tell you I have no such letter!"
"Say fifteen hundred, then."
"But I haven't got it!" cried Matilda.
"Perhaps you may have it without knowing what it is. Some of

  his letters he signed only with an initial. Here is a sample of

  the Duke's handwriting—one of his letters I found."
"I tell you I have—"
"Pardon me, Mr. Brown," interrupted the [pg 202]

  ineffectual-looking Mr. Pyecroft. "May I see the handwriting,

  please?"
Firmly holding it in his own hands, the detective displayed

  the letter to Mr. Pyecroft—an odd, foreign hand, the paper

  of superfine quality, but without crest or any other embossing.

  Mr. Pyecroft studied it closely; his look grew puzzled; then he

  turned to Matilda.
"I don't exactly remember, Matilda, but it seems to me that

  there was handwriting like this among the letters you sent to me

  to keep for you."
Matilda gaped at Mr. Pyecroft. Mrs. De Peyster, half-rising on

  an elbow, peered in amazed stupefaction at her incalculable young

  man of the sea.
"Why, of course, she'd have turned it over to some one else

  for safe-keeping!" the detective cried triumphantly. "Where is

  it?" he demanded of Mr. Pyecroft.
"I'm not so sure I have it," said the shallow Mr. Pyecroft

  apologetically. "It just seems to me that I saw writing like

  this. If I have, it's over in a little room I keep. But if I

  really do have it"—with the shrewd look of a small

  mind—"we couldn't sell it for fifteen hundred."
"How much d'you want?"
"Well"—Mr. Pyecroft hesitated—"say—say three

  thousand."
"Good God, that's plain blackmail!"
"It may be, but poor people like us don't often get a chance

  like this."[pg 203]
"I won't pay it!"
"Perhaps, then,"—apologetically,—"we'd better deal

  with Mrs. Allistair direct."
"Oh, well,—if you've got the letter, we won't scrap

  about the price. I'll come across."
"Cash?" shrewdly queried the doltish brother.
"Sure. I don't run no risks with checks."
"I—we—wouldn't let the letter go out of our hands

  until it's paid for. And we won't go to any office. You yourself

  can say whether it's what you want or not? And you can pay right

  here?"
"Sure. I'm the judge of what I want. And when I go for a big

  thing, I go prepared." Mr. Brown opened his coat, and

  significantly patted a bulge on the right side of his vest.
"Well, then, I'll go to my room and see if I have it. But

  you'll have to wait here, for"—again with the shrewd look

  of the ineffectual man—"you might follow me, and with some

  more detectives you might take the letter from me."
"Soon wait here as anywhere else. Anyhow, I'll want your

  sister's word," nodding at Matilda, "that the letter is the same.

  But don't worry—nobody's going to take anything from

  you."
Mr. Pyecroft started out, then paused.
"I just happened to remember; you said the letter might not be

  signed. Hadn't you better let me have one of the Duke de

  Cr&#233;cy's letters, so I can verify the

  handwriting?"[pg 204]
"I don't mind; these don't tell much." And the detective

  handed over one letter.
"It may be an hour or two before I can get back; the letters

  are packed away and I've got to go through them and compare

  them."
He slipped out. Mr. Brown, as he watched him, could hardly

  conceal his contempt.
The detective sat heavily down. Mrs. De Peyster was sick with

  apprehension as to what that incomprehensible Mr. Pyecroft was

  about to do. She wanted to talk to Matilda. But the two dared not

  speak with this confident, omniscient, detectorial presence

  between them. Mr. Brown condescendingly tried to make

  conversation by complimenting Matilda on her shrewdness; he'd

  helped a lot of clever servants like her to snug little

  fortunes.
But Matilda proved a poor conversationalist.
Close upon two hours passed before Mr. Pyecroft returned. He

  drew a letter from his pocket, firmly gripped its edges with both

  hands, and held it out to Mr. Brown.
"Is this the one?"
"Didn't I tell you not to be afraid; no one's going to steal

  it from you."
He took the letter from Mr. Pyecroft's unwilling and

  untrustful hands and glanced it through. The next moment it was

  as though an arc light of excitement had been switched on within

  his ample person. With swift, expert fingers he compared the

  texture of the paper of the new letter and the earlier

  ones.[pg 205]
"Great God!" he exulted. "Same paper—same

  handwriting—and it says just what I expected—and

  signed 'De Cr&#233;cy'!"
He held out the letter to Matilda.
"Of course, you identify this as the letter you found?"
But Matilda shrank away as though the letter was deadly

  poison.
"I never saw the thing before!"
"What's that?" cried the detective.
"She's trying to hold out for more money," explained Mr.

  Pyecroft. From behind the detective's broad back he gave Matilda

  a warning look; then said softly: "Of course, it's the letter,

  isn't it, sister?"
Matilda thought only of saving the hour. The day would have to

  save itself.
"Yes," she said.
"Might—might I see it?" huskily inquired Mrs. De

  Peyster.
"Sure. The more that corroborates it the better."
Her face to the wall, the faint light slanting across her

  shoulder, she glanced at the letter. The Duke's own handwriting!

  And a jilting letter!—politely worded—but a jilting

  letter!... Mrs. De Peyster jilted!... If that were ever to come

  out—
For a moment she lay enfeebled and overwhelmed with horror.

  Then convulsively she crushed the letter in her hands.
"See here—wha' d' you mean?" cried the [pg 206]

  startled detective, springing forward; in a moment his powerful

  hands rescued the document.
"Both of my sisters think we ought to stand out for more

  money," apologized Mr. Pyecroft. "And I'm not so sure they're not

  right."
"We've made our bargain already," quickly returned Mr. Brown.

  "And that's just how we'll settle."
He started to slip the letter into a pocket. But Mr. Pyecroft

  caught hold of it.
"How about the money?"
"You mean you don't trust me?"
"I'm not saying that," apologized Mr. Pyecroft. "But this

  means a lot to us. We can't afford to run any risks."
"All right, then."
Mr. Brown released the letter, drew a leather wallet from

  inside his vest, counted off six five-hundred-dollar bills,

  returned the wallet and held out the bills. The exchange was

  made. The detective carefully put the letter into a thick manila

  envelope, which he licked and sealed and put inside his vest to

  keep company with the wallet.
Mr. Pyecroft counted the bills, slowly, three or four times;

  then looked up.
"I bet my sisters were right; you would have paid more," he

  said regretfully, greedily.
"Never you mind what I would have paid!" retorted the

  detective, buttoning his coat over the letter.


SAME PAPER—SAME HANDWRITING!
"SAME PAPER—SAME HANDWRITING!"


[pg

  207]
"You'd have paid twice that!" Mr. Pyecroft exclaimed

  disappointedly.
The detective, triumphant, could not resist grinning

  confirmingly.
"We've been outwitted!" cried Mr. Pyecroft. He turned to the

  two woman contritely. "If I'd only heeded you—let you have

  managed the affair!"
"You people got a mighty good price," commented Detective

  Brown.
"Well—perhaps so," sighed Mr. Pyecroft. Chagrin gave way

  to curiosity in his face. "I wonder, now, how Mrs. Allistair is

  going to use the letter?"
"That's none of my business."
"She must think she can do a lot with it," mused Mr. Pyecroft.

  "If the letter, or its substance, were printed, say in 'Town

  Gossip,' I suppose it would mean the end of Mrs. De Peyster's

  social leadership, and Mrs. Allistair would then have things her

  own way."
"Can't say," said the detective. But he winked knowingly.
When he had gone Mr. Pyecroft stood listening until the

  descending tread had thinned into silence. Then he turned about

  to Mrs. De Peyster and Matilda, and his wide mouth twisted up and

  rightward into that pagan, delighted smile of his. He laughed

  without noise; but every cell of him was laughing.
"Well, sisters dear, we're cleaning up—eh! I

  [pg

  208] had the devil's own time matching that letter-paper

  at Brentanos', and I ran a pretty big risk leaving the

  house—but, say, it was worth it!" For a moment he could

  only laugh. "First, let's split the pile. I told you I was always

  square with my pals. Here's a thousand for you,

  Angelica,"—slipping two bills under Mrs. De Peyster's

  pillow,—"and a thousand for you, Matilda,"—thrusting

  the amount into her hands,—"and a thousand for your dear

  brother Archibald,"—slipping his share into a vest

  pocket.
Neither of the two women dared refuse the money.
"But—but," Mrs. De Peyster gasped thickly, "it's an

  outrageous forgery!"
"A forgery, I grant you, my dear Angelica," Mr. Pyecroft said

  good-humoredly. "But if by outrageous you mean crude or obvious,

  I beg to correct you. Even if I must say it myself, that forgery

  was strictly first-class."
"But it's a forgery!" repeated Mrs. De Peyster.
"My dears, don't you worry about that," he reassured them

  soothingly. "There'll be no comeback. That detective and his

  agency, and Mrs. Allistair behind them, first tried robbery, then

  tried bribery. They're all in bad themselves. So stop worrying;

  you're in no danger at all from arrest for forgery or fraud.

  There'll never be a peep from any of them."
This seemed sound reasoning, but Mrs. De Peyster did not

  acknowledge herself comforted.[pg 209]
"Besides," Mr. Pyecroft went on, with a sudden flash of

  wrathful contempt, "if there's anybody under God's sun I like to

  slip something over on it's those damned vermin of private

  detectives! And the swells that employ them! I hope that Mrs.

  Allistair gets stung good and plenty!"
"But Mrs. De Peyster!" wailed that lady—she couldn't

  help it, though she tried to keep inarticulate her sense of

  complete annihilation. "When they publish that letter the damage

  will have been done. It's a forgery, but nobody will believe her

  when she says so, and she can't prove it! She'll be ruined!"
"Well," Mr. Pyecroft commented casually, "I don't see where

  that bothers us. She's pretty much of a stiff, too, and I

  wouldn't mind handing her one while we're at it. But, Lord, this

  won't hurt her a bit."
Mrs. De Peyster sat suddenly upright.
"Not hurt her?"
"Didn't I tell you?" chortled Mr. Pyecroft. "Why, when our

  excellent friend, Mr. Brown, presents the Duke's letter to-morrow

  morning to his chief, or to Mrs. Allistair's agent,—if he

  ever gets that far,—he will turn triumphantly over one

  sheet of Brentanos' very best notepaper—blank."
"Blank?" cried Mrs. De Peyster.
Mr. Pyecroft's right eyelid drooped in its remarkable wink;

  his mouth again tilted high to starboard in its impish

  smile.[pg 210]
"You see," he remarked, "the Duke's letter was written in an

  ink of my own invention. One trifling idiosyncracy of that ink is

  that it fades completely and permanently in exactly twelve

  hours."[pg 211]
CHAPTER XVII
A QUESTION OF IDENTITY
Mr. Pyecroft's grin grew by degrees more delighted: became the

  smile of a whimsical genius of devil-may-care, of an exultantly

  mischievous Pan. But he offered not a word of comment upon his

  work. He was an artist who was, in the main, content to achieve

  his masterpieces and leave comment and blame and praise to his

  public and his critics.
He stood up.
"I believe I promised to peel the potatoes and put on the

  roast," he remarked, and went out.
"Matilda," breathed Mrs. De Peyster, numbed and awed, still

  aghast, "did you ever dream there could be such a man?"
"Oh, ma'am,—never!"—tragically, wildly.
"Whatever is he going to do next?"
"I'm sure I don't know, ma'am. Almost anything."
"And whatever is going to happen to us next?"
"Oh, ma'am, it's terrible to think about! I'm sure I can't

  even guess! Mr. Pyecroft, and all the others, and all these

  things happening—I'm sure they'll be the death of me,

  ma'am!"
Mrs. De Peyster sprang from her bed. Despite [pg 212]

  Matilda's cheap dressing-gown which she wore as appropriate to

  her station, she made a splendid figure of raging majesty, hands

  clenched, eyes blazing, furiously erect.
"That man is outrageous!" she stormed. "I cannot, and shall

  not, stand him any longer! We must, and shall, get rid of him!"

  Her voice rang with its accustomed tone of all-conquering

  determination. "Matilda, we are going to do it! I say we are

  going to do it!"
Matilda gazed admiringly at her magnificently aroused

  mistress. "Of course, you'll do it, ma'am," she said with

  conviction.
"I cannot endure him another minute!" Mrs. De Peyster raged

  on. "At once, he goes out of this house! Or we do!"
"Of course, ma'am," repeated Matilda in her adoring voice. And

  then after a moment, she added quaveringly: "But please,

  ma'am,—how are we going to do it?"
The outraged and annihilatory Mrs. De Peyster gazed at

  Matilda, utterer of practical common-places. As she gazed the

  splendid flames within her seemed slowly to flicker out, and she

  sank back upon her bed. Yes, how were they going to do it?
In cooler mood they discussed that question, without

  discovering a solution; discussed it until it was time for

  Matilda to go downstairs to perform her share of the preparation

  of the communal dinner. Left alone, her fury now sunk to sober

  ashes, Mrs. [pg 213] De Peyster continued the

  exploration of possibilities, with the same negative result.
Matilda brought up her dinner on a tray, then returned to the

  kitchen; for though the others were all doing fair tasks, to

  Matilda of twenty years' experience fell the oversight of the

  thousand details of the house. Presently Mary appeared, on one of

  her visits of mercy—full of relief that the cabinet-maker

  had ended his work so soon, thus setting Jack free.
But before beginning the anodynous "Wormwood," she launched

  into another high-voltage eulogy of Angelica's brother. Even more

  than they had at first thought was he willing and competent and

  agreeable in the matter of their common household labor; he was

  not intrusive; he was rich with clever and well-informed talk

  when they all laid aside work to be sociable. In fact, as she had

  said before, he was simply splendid!
"Now, I do hope, Angelica, that you are going to forgive your

  brother," Mary insisted. "He really means well. I think he's what

  he is because he has never had a fair chance." And then more

  boldly: "I think the fault is largely yours and Matilda's.

  Matilda says your parents died when you were all young; and he

  admitted that he does not even remember them. And he also

  admitted, when I pressed him, that you and Matilda had not given

  him very much attention during his boyhood. You and Matilda are

  older; you should have brought him up more carefully; you are

  both seriously to blame [pg 214] for what he is. So I hope," she

  concluded, "that both of you will forgive him and help him."
Once more Mrs. De Peyster did not feel called upon to make

  response.
"I have noted particularly that Matilda does not seem cordial

  and forgiving," Mary was continuing, when the prodigal brother

  himself dropped in. With her pretty, determined manner, Mary

  renewed her efforts at reconciliation in the estranged family.

  Mr. Pyecroft was penitent without being humble, and whenever a

  question was put directly to Mrs. De Peyster his was the tongue

  that answered; he was quite certain his sister Angelica would

  relent and receive him back into her respect and love once he had

  fully proved his worthiness.
"I must say, Mr. Simpson, that I think you have an admirably

  forgiving nature," declared Mary. It was clear, though she was

  silent on the matter, that she considered his sisters to have

  cold, hard, New England hearts.
Mr. Pyecroft withdrew; and Mary, in the high-pitched voice

  required by the invalid's misfortune, read "Wormwood" for an

  hour—until Jack came to the door and announced that Judge

  Harvey had again called on them. Alone, Mrs. De Peyster pondered

  her poignant problem, What should she do?—wishful that

  Matilda were present to talk the affair over with her. But

  Matilda was still busy in the kitchen with the odd jobs of

  night-end.
Toward ten o'clock Mr. Pyecroft came in again. [pg 215] He

  stood and gazed silently down upon her. The one electric light

  showed her an odd, dry smile on Mr. Pyecroft's face.
"What is it?" Mrs. De Peyster asked in fear.
"Really, Angelica, you're not half so clever as I believed

  you."
"What is it?" she repeated huskily.
"This pearl." And from a pocket he drew out the pendant he had

  appropriated the night before in Mrs. Gilbert's boarding-house.

  "I thought we ought to be prepared with more cash in hand for our

  get-away when we decide to make it. So an hour ago I slipped out

  the back way, and made for a safe pawnbroker I know of. Angelica,

  you're easy. This pearl is nothing but imitation. And you fell

  for it!" He shook his head sorrowingly, chidingly. "Here's one

  case where remorse might be highly proper—and safest;

  better just mail it back to the party you lifted it from."
With good-humored contempt he tossed the pendant upon the bed.

  Mrs. De Peyster clutched it and thrust it beneath her pillow.
"I believe, Angelica, my dear," he commented, "that in view of

  the capacity this pearl incident has revealed, it is strictly up

  to me to assume charge of every detail of our plan."
He sat down and in his fluent manner discussed the day's

  developments and their preparations for the future; and he was

  still talking when, fifteen minutes later, the door opened and

  Matilda entered. [pg 216] Her face, of late so often ashen,

  was ashen as though almost from habit.
"Oh, oh," she quavered, "the servants' bell rang—and I

  answered it, like I'd been told to do—and in stepped four

  men—two of them the policemen we let in last night, and two

  men I never saw before—and they asked if they might speak

  to my brother who was visiting me. And I—I promised to call

  him down. Oh, ma'—Angelica—"
"Mr. Pyecroft, what does this mean?" cried Mrs. De

  Peyster.
Mr. Pyecroft's usual perfect composure was gone. His face was

  gleamingly alert; sharp as a razor's edge.
"God knows how they've done it," he snapped out. "But it means

  they've tracked me here!"
"As—as Thomas Preston?"
"As Thomas Preston."
"And if they take you—they—they may find me,

  and—"
"Nothing more likely," grimly responded Mr. Pyecroft.
"Then escape!" Mrs. De Peyster cried with frantic energy.

  "Run! For heaven's sake, run! You still have time!"
"Running from the police is the surest way to get caught when

  they've got you trapped," he answered in quick, staccato tones.

  "They've got every door watched—sure. Anyhow—Listen!

  Hear those steps? They haven't trusted you, Matilda; they've

  [pg

  217] followed. Angelica, down with your face to the wall,

  and be sick! And while you're at it, be damned sick!"
Mrs. De Peyster obeyed. Mr. Pyecroft drew the room's one chair

  up beside the bed, sat down, picked up "Wormwood," and again,

  with the most natural manner in the world, he began to read in a

  loud voice. The next moment the two policemen of the previous

  night came in.
Mr. Pyecroft arose.
"I must beg your pardon, officers," he said pleasantly and

  with a slight tincture of his clerical manner. "My sister Matilda

  just told me you wished to see me, but I was almost at the end of

  a very interesting chapter which I was reading aloud to my other

  sister, who is ill, and so I thought I would conclude the scene

  before I came down. In what way can I serve you?"
Neither of the officers replied. One closed the doorway with

  his bulk, and the other thumped heavily down a flight or two of

  stairs, from whence his shout ascended:—
"We've got him up here, Lieutenant! Come on up!"
Within the tiny room of the second maid no one spoke.

  Presently heavy footfalls mounted; the second policeman entered,

  and presently two solid men in civilian dress pushed through the

  door. The foremost, a dark-visaged man with heavy jaw, and a

  black derby which he did not remove, fixed on Mr. Pyecroft a

  triumphant, domineering gaze.[pg 218]
"Well, Preston," he said, "so we've landed you at last."
Mr. Pyecroft, his left forefinger still keeping the place in

  "Wormwood," stared at the speaker in bewilderment.
"Pardon me, sir, but I completely fail to understand what you

  are talking about."
"Don't try that con stuff on us; we won't fall for it,"

  advised the lieutenant. He smiled with satiric satisfaction; he

  was something of a wit in the department. "But if you ain't sure

  who you are, I'll put you wise: Mr. Thomas Preston, forger of the

  Jefferson letters, it gives me great pleasure to introduce you to

  yourself. Shake hands, gents."
Mr. Pyecroft continued his puzzled stare. Then a smile began

  to break through his bewilderment. Then he laughed.
"So that's it, is it! You take me for that Thomas Preston.

  I've read about him. He must be a clever fellow, in his own

  way."
He sobered. "But, gentlemen, if I had the clever qualities

  attributed to Mr. Preston, I am sure I could apply those

  qualities to some more useful, and even more profitable,

  occupation."
"You don't do it bad at all, Preston," observed the

  lieutenant. "Only, you see, it don't go down."
"I trust," Mr. Pyecroft said good-humoredly, "that it isn't

  going to be necessary to explain to you that I am not Thomas

  Preston."
"No, that won't be necessary at all," replied the [pg 219]

  waggish lieutenant. "Not necessary at all. For you can't."
Mr. Pyecroft raised his eyebrows.
"Gentlemen, you really seem to be taking this matter

  seriously! Why, you two officers in uniform saw me only last

  night here with my two sisters, and any one in the neighborhood

  can tell you my sister Matilda has been housekeeper in this house

  for twenty years."
That tone was most plausible. The two uniformed policemen

  looked at their superior dubiously.
"Never you mind what they seen last night," the lieutenant

  commented dryly. "And never you mind about Matilda."
"But you are forgetting that I am Matilda's brother," said Mr.

  Pyecroft. "Matilda, I am your brother, am I not?"
"Y—yes," testified Matilda, who by the corpulent

  pressure of four crowded officers was almost being bisected

  against the edge of the stationary wash-bowl.
"And you, Angelica; I'm your brother, am I not?"
"Yes," breathed Mrs. De Peyster from beneath the

  bedclothes.
Mr. Pyecroft turned in polite triumph to the lieutenant.
"There, now, you see."
"But, I don't see," returned that officer. "I know you're

  Thomas Preston. Jim, just slip the nippers [pg 220] on

  him. And there's something queer about these women. Just slip the

  bracelets on Matilda, too, and carry downstairs the party in bed.

  We'll call the police ambulance for her, and take the whole bunch

  over to the station."
The party in bed suddenly stiffened as if from a stroke of

  some kind, and Matilda fairly wilted away. Mr. Pyecroft alone did

  not change by so much as a hair.
"One moment, gentlemen," he interposed in his even voice,

  "before you go to regrettable extremes. I believe that an even

  better witness to my identity can easily be secured."
"And who's that, Tommie?"
"I refer to Judge Harvey."
"Judge Harvey!" The lieutenant was startled out of his ironic

  exultation. "You mean the guy that was stung by them forged

  letters—the complainant who's making it so damned hot for

  Preston?"
"The same," said Mr. Pyecroft. "Judge Harvey is at this moment

  in this house."
"In this house!"
"I believe he is downstairs some place going over some bills

  Mrs. De Peyster asked him to examine. Matilda, you doubtless know

  in what room the Judge is working. Will you kindly knock at his

  door and ask him to step up here for a moment?"
The lieutenant frowned doubtfully at Mr. Pyecroft, hesitated,

  then nodded to Matilda. The latter, [pg 221]

  relieved of the pressure of much policial avoirdupois, slipped

  from the room. The lieutenant turned and silently held a

  penetrating gaze upon the empty clothes-hooks. Mr. Pyecroft

  continued to look imperturbably and pleasantly upon the four

  officers. And under the bedclothes Mrs. De Peyster saw wild

  visions of Mr. Pyecroft being the next moment exposed, and

  herself dragged forth to shame.
Thus for a minute or two. Then Judge Harvey appeared in the

  doorway.
"Lieutenant Sullivan! See here, what's the meaning of this?"

  he demanded sternly.
"'Evening, Judge Harvey," began the lieutenant, for the first

  time since his entrance removing his derby. "It's like

  this—"
"Pardon me," interrupted Mr. Pyecroft. "Judge Harvey, these

  gentlemen here have been upon the point of making a blunder that

  would be ludicrous did it not have its serious side. That's why I

  had you called. The fact is, they desire to arrest me."
"Arrest you!" exclaimed the Judge.
"Yes, arrest me," Mr. Pyecroft went on, easily, yet under his

  easy words trying to suggest certain definite contingencies.

  "That would be bad enough in itself. But, as you know, Judge

  Harvey, my arrest would unfortunately but necessarily involve the

  arrest of several other quite innocent persons—bring about

  a great public scandal—and create a situation that would be

  deplorable in every particular. You see that,

  Judge?"[pg 222]
Judge Harvey got the covered meaning.
"I see. But what do they want to arrest you for?"
"On a most absurd charge," answered Mr. Pyecroft,

  smiling,—but eyes straight into Judge Harvey's eyes. "They

  seem to think I am Thomas Preston."
"Thomas Preston!" cried the Judge.
"Yes, the man that forged those Jefferson letters you

  bought."
Mr. Pyecroft saw the puzzled semi-recognition that he had

  observed in the Judge's face the night before flash into amazed,

  full recognition. Quickly but without appearance of haste, he

  stepped forward diverting attention from the Judge's face, and

  made himself the center of the party's eyes.
"You see, lieutenant and officers," he said easily, filling in

  time to give Judge Harvey opportunity to recover and

  think—and still aiming his meaning at the Judge, "you see,

  I have here summoned before you the best possible witness to my

  identity. You threaten to arrest and expose me and two other

  persons in this house. Judge Harvey knows, as well as I know, how

  unfortunate it would be for these parties, and how displeasing to

  Mrs. De Peyster, if you should make the very great blunder of

  arresting me as Thomas Preston. Now, Judge Harvey,"—with a

  joking smile,—"you know who I am. Will you please inform

  the lieutenant whether I am the man you wish to have

  arrested?"
Judge Harvey stared, silent, his face

  twitching.[pg 223]
"Is what he says O.K., Judge?" queried Lieutenant Sullivan.

  "He ain't the man you want arrested?"
"He is not," the Judge managed to get out.
"From the way you hesitated—"
"The Judge's hesitation, Lieutenant," Mr. Pyecroft interrupted

  in his pleasant tone, "was due to his amazement at the utter

  grotesqueness of the situation. He was for a moment utterly taken

  aback. That's it, isn't it, Judge?"
"Yes," said Judge Harvey.
The lieutenant twisted his derby in chagrined, ireful

  hands.
"Some of my men have been damned fools again!" he exploded. He

  got himself back under control. "Judge Harvey, I hope you'll

  excuse our buttin' in like this—and—and won't find it

  necessary to mention it to the heads of the department."
"It's—it's all right," said the Judge.
"And you, Mr.—Mr.—"
"Simpson—Archibald Simpson," supplied Mr. Pyecroft.
"Mr. Simpson, I hope you don't mind this too much?"
"No ill feeling at all, Lieutenant," Mr. Pyecroft said

  graciously. "Such little mistakes must occasionally occur in the

  most careful police work."
"And—and—there's another thing," said Lieutenant

  Sullivan with a note of gruff pleading. "You know how the papers

  are roasting the department [pg 224] just now. For every

  little slip, we get the harpoon or the laugh. I'll be obliged to

  you if you don't say anything that'll let this thing get into the

  papers."
"Believe me, Lieutenant, I shall do everything in my power to

  protect you," Mr. Pyecroft assured him. "And now, since the

  matter is settled," he added pleasantly, "perhaps you'd like to

  have Matilda show you the way out. These upper hallways are

  really very confusing. Matilda, my dear,—if you don't

  mind."
Wordlessly, Matilda obeyed, and four sets of policemen's feet

  went heavily down the stairs. Beneath her bedclothes Mrs. De

  Peyster began faintly, ever so faintly, to return to life. Judge

  Harvey glared at Mr. Pyecroft, hands spasmodically clutching and

  unclutching; his look grew darker and darker. Respectful,

  regretful, Mr. Pyecroft stood waiting.
His left forefinger had not lost the place in

  "Wormwood."[pg 225]
CHAPTER XVIII
THE THIRD FLIGHT
The storm broke.
"You are a scoundrel, sir!" thundered the Judge.
"I fear, sir, you are right," respectfully assented Mr.

  Pyecroft.
"And what's more, you've made me lie to the police!"
"Not exactly, sir," Mr. Pyecroft corrected mildly. "I was

  careful about that. I did not ask you to deny that I was Thomas

  Preston. I merely asked you if I was the man you wished arrested.

  You answered that you did not want me arrested; under the

  circumstances I am certain you spoke the truth. And in explaining

  your hesitation to the lieutenant, when you said it was due to

  your utter amazement at the grotesqueness of the situation, I am

  certain you there also spoke the truth."
"You are a quibbler!" fumed the outraged Judge. "You made me

  lie to the police!"
"Well, even if I did," returned Mr. Pyecroft in his same mild

  tone, "is there any one else you would rather lie to?"
The Judge glared, almost choking. "Have you no respect, man,

  for common decency—for order—for the

  law?"[pg 226]
"For order and decency, yes,—but as for ordinary law, I

  fear I have no more respect than your honor has," Mr. Pyecroft

  admitted gravely. "And I acquired my irreverence toward law just

  as your honor did—from studying it."
Judge Harvey stared.
"What! You're a lawyer?"
"I have been admitted to the bar, and have been a law clerk,

  but have never practiced for myself."
"But last night you said you were a clergyman!"
"I have gone no deeper into theology, sir, than the price of a

  clerical suit. And that was for its moral effect on the

  police."
"Sir," exploded the Judge, "you are utterly incorrigible!"
"I trust that I am not, sir," submitted Mr. Pyecroft gravely,

  hopefully.
At that moment Jack and Mary appeared on tiptoe in the

  doorway, alive with curiosity; and directly behind them came

  Matilda. Upon the latter Judge Harvey turned.
"Well, Matilda, I certainly want to compliment you on your

  brother!" he exclaimed with irate sarcasm.
"My bro—bro—yes, sir, thank you," weakly returned

  poor Matilda.
"No wonder, Mr. Simpson," the outraged Judge continued, "that

  your family disowned you!"
"They were justified, certainly, as I told you at the very

  first," soberly conceded Mr. Pyecroft.[pg 227]
Jack and Mary demanded enlightenment. To them Judge Harvey

  told of the visit of the four police officers, scathingly

  expounded the character of Matilda's brother, and explained how

  he, Judge Harvey, had been forced to protect the outrageous

  scape-grace. Through this recital, Mr. Pyecroft, though unbowed

  by shame, continued to wear his respectful, regretful look.
"Perhaps you will not believe me, Judge Harvey," he returned

  courteously, and with the ring of sincerity, when the indictment

  was ended, "and even if you do believe me, perhaps my statement

  will mean nothing to you; but I desire none the less to state

  that I am sorry that you were the person to be deceived by those

  Jefferson letters. Of course, I had no idea to whom they were to

  be sold. I did them for the autograph dealer, so much for the

  job—and did them partly as a lark, though, of course, I do

  not expect you to appreciate the humor of the affair. It may be

  some consolation to you, however, to know that I profited very

  little from the transaction; the dealer got over ninety per cent

  of the price you paid."
The Judge snorted, and stalked incredulously and wrathfully

  out, Jack and Mary behind him; and Mrs. De Peyster was left alone

  in the bosom of her family. Mr. Pyecroft sat silent on the foot

  of the bed for a space, grave but composed, gazing at a

  particular scale of the flaking kalsomine. Then he remarked

  something about its having been a somewhat [pg 228]

  trying day and that he believed that he'd be off to bed.
When he was gone Mrs. De Peyster lay wordless, limp, all

  a-shiver. Beside her sat the limp and voiceless Matilda, gasping

  and staring wildly. How long Mrs. De Peyster lay in that

  condition she never knew. All her faculties were reeling. These

  crowding events seemed the wildest series of unrealities; seemed

  the frenzied, feverish phantasms of a nightmare. They never,

  never could possibly-have happened!
But then ... they had happened! And this hard, narrow bed was

  real. And this low, narrow room was real. And Mr. Pyecroft was

  real. And so were Jack, and Mary, and Judge Harvey.
These things could never have happened. But, then, they had.

  And would they ever, ever stop happening?
This was only the eighth day since her promulgated sailing.

  Three more months, ninety days of twenty-four hours each, before

  Olivetta—
"Matilda," she burst out in a despairing whisper, "I can't

  stand this another minute!"
"Oh, ma'am!" wailed Matilda.
"That Mr. Pyecroft—" Words failed her. "I've simply got

  to get out of this somehow!"
"Of course, ma'am. But—but our changes haven't helped us

  much yet. If we tried to leave the house, that Mr. Pyecroft might

  follow and we might find ourselves even in a worse way than we

  are, ma'am."[pg 229]
"Nothing can be worse than this!"
"I'm not so sure, ma'am," tremulously doubted Matilda. "We

  never dreamed anything could be so bad as this, but here this

  is."
There was a vague logic in what Matilda said; but logic none

  the less. Unbelievable, and yet so horribly actual as this

  was,—was what had thus far happened only the legato

  and pianissimo passages of their adventure, with

  crescendo and fortissimo still ahead? Mrs. De

  Peyster closed her eyes, and did not speak. She strove to regain

  some command over her routed faculties.
Matilda waited.
Presently Mrs. De Peyster's eyes opened. "It would be some

  relief"—weak hope was in her voice—"if only I could

  manage to get down into my own suite."
"But, ma'am, with that Mr. Pyecroft—"
"He's a risk we've got to run," Mrs. De Peyster cried

  desperately. "We've somehow got to manage to get me there without

  his knowing it."
Suddenly she sat up. The hope that a moment before had shone

  faintly in her face began to become a more confident glow.

  Matilda saw that her mistress was thinking; therefore she

  remained silent, expectant.
"Matilda, I think there's a chance!" Mrs. De Peyster exclaimed

  after a moment. "I'll get into my suite—I'll live there

  quiet as death. Since they believe the suite empty, since they

  know it is [pg 230] locked, they may never suspect any

  one is in it. Matilda, it's the only way!"
"Yes—but, ma'am, how am I to explain your sudden

  disappearance?"
"Say that your sister became homesick," said Mrs. De Peyster

  with mounting hope, "and decided suddenly, in the middle of the

  night, to return at once to her home in Syracuse."
"That may satisfy all but Mr. Pyecroft, ma'am. But Mr.

  Pyecroft won't believe it."
"Mr. Pyecroft will have to believe whatever he likes. It's the

  only way, and we're going to do it. And do it at once! Matilda,

  go down and see if they're all asleep yet, particularly Mr.

  Pyecroft."
Matilda took off her shoes and in her stocking-feet went

  scouting forth; and stocking-footed presently returned, with the

  news that all seemed asleep, particularly Mr. Pyecroft.
Five minutes later, in Matilda's dress, and likewise in

  stocking-feet, Mrs. De Peyster stepped out of her second maid's

  room. Breathless, she listened. Not a sound. Then, Matilda at her

  heels, she began to creep down the

  stairway—slowly—slowly—putting each foot down

  with the softness of a closing lip—pausing with straining

  ears on every tread. With up-pressing feet she glided by the door

  within which Mr. Pyecroft lay in untroubled sleep, then started

  by the room that homed Jack and Mary, creeping with the footsteps

  of a disembodied spirit, [pg 231] fearful every second lest some

  door might spring open and wild alarms ring out.
But she got safely by. Then, more rapidly, yet still as

  noiseless as a shadow's shadow, she crept on

  down—down—until she came to her own door. Here the

  attending Matilda silently vanished. With velvet touch Mrs. De

  Peyster slipped her key into the lock, stepped inside,

  noiselessly closed and locked the door behind her.
Then she sank into a chair, and breathed. Just breathed ...

  back once more in the spacious suite wherein nine days

  ago—or was it nine thousand years?—inspiration had

  flowered within her and her great idea had been

  born.[pg 232]
CHAPTER XIX
A PLEASANT HERMITAGE
When she awoke, it was with a sweet, languorous sense of

  perfect comfort. Heavy-lidded, she glanced about her. Ah! Once

  more she was in her own wide, gracious bed—of a different

  caste, of an entirely different race, from the second maid's

  paving-stone pallet, from that folding, punitive contrivance from

  whose output of anguish Mrs. Gilbert managed to extract a profit.

  Also she was in sweet, ingratiating linen—the first fresh

  personal linen that had touched her in nine days.
It was all as though she were enfolded deep in the embrace of

  a not too fervent benediction.
About her were the large, dignified spaces of her bedroom, and

  beyond were the yet greater spaces of her sitting-room; and from

  where she lay she could see the gleaming white of her large tiled

  bathroom. And there were drawers and drawers of fresh

  lingerie; and there were her closets filled with

  comfortable gowns that would be a thousand times more grateful

  after a week of Matilda's unchanged and oppressive black. And

  there on her dressing-table were the multitudinous implements of

  silver that had to do with her toilet.[pg 233]
After what she had been through, this, indeed, was

  comfort.
But as consciousness grew clearer, her forgotten troubles and

  her dangers returned to her. For a brief period alarm possessed

  her. Then reason began to assert itself; and the hope which the

  night before had been hardly more than desperation began to take

  on the character of confidence. She saw possibilities. And the

  longer she considered, the more and greater the possibilities

  were. Her original plan began to re-present itself to her;

  modified, of course, to meet the altered conditions. If she could

  only remain here, undiscovered, then months hence, when it was

  announced that Mrs. De Peyster (she sent up a warm prayer for

  Olivetta!) was homeward bound, Jack and Mary and that unthinkable

  Mr. Pyecroft would decamp, if they had not gone before, and leave

  the way clear for the easy interchange by Olivetta and herself of

  their several personalities.
As she lay there in the gentle Sabbath calm, in the

  extra-curled hair of her ultra-superior mattress, this revised

  version of her plan, in the first glow of its conception, seemed

  alluringly plausible. She had to be more careful, to be sure, but

  aside from this the new plan seemed quite as good as the

  original. In fact, in her reaction from the alarms of yesterday,

  it somehow seemed even better.
Twelve hours before there had seemed no possible solution to

  her predicament. And here it was—come unexpectedly to her

  aid, as was the way with [pg 234] things in life; and a very

  simple solution, too. Lazily, hazily, a poet's line teased and

  evaded her memory. What was it?—something about "a pleasant

  hermitage." That was just what this was: a pleasant

  hermitage.
But presently, as she lay comforting herself, and the morning

  wore on, she became increasingly conscious of an indefinable

  uncomfortable sensation. And presently the sensation became more

  definite; became localized; and she was aware that she was

  growing hungry. And in the same moment came the dismaying

  realization that, in their haste of the night before, she had not

  thought to plan with Matilda for the somewhat essential item of

  food!
She sat up. What was she ever to do? Three months of solitary

  confinement, with no arrangements for food! Would Matilda have

  the sense to think of this, and if so would she have the

  adroitness to smuggle edibles in to her unnoticed? Or was she to

  be starved out?
The revised plan had lost its first rose-tint.
She got up, and noiselessly foraged throughout her quarters.

  The total of her gleaning was a box of forgotten chocolate

  bon-bons and a box of half-length tallow candles. She had read

  that Esquimaux ate tallow, or its equivalent, and prospered

  famously upon it; but she deferred the candles in favor of the

  bon-bons, and breakfasted on half the box.
Then she went back to bed and read. In the afternoon she ate

  the second half of the bon-bons.[pg 235]
Also in the afternoon she discovered that the bliss of lying

  abed, which she had thought would be exhaustless, had

  inexplicably become transmitted into boredom. And yet she dared

  not move about, save with a caution that amounted almost to pain;

  for she had heard Jack and Mary and Mr. Pyecroft pass and re-pass

  her door, and she knew that any slight noise on her part might

  result in disastrous betrayal.
Evening drew on. Bed, and sitting noiseless in one spot, grew

  more wearisome. And her stomach began to complain bitterly, for

  as has been remarked it was a pampered creature and had been long

  accustomed to being served sumptuously and with deferential

  promptitude. But she realized that Matilda would not dare come,

  if she remembered to come at all, until the household was fast

  asleep.
Eight o'clock came. She lit one of the candles and placed it,

  cautiously shaded, in a corner of her sitting-room....
Ten o'clock came.
She looked meditatively at the box of candles. Perhaps the

  Esquimaux ate them with a kind of sauce. They might not be so bad

  that way....
Midnight came. Shortly thereafter a faint, ever so faint,

  knocking sent her tiptoeing—for months she would dare move

  only on breathless tiptoe!—to the door of her sitting-room,

  where she stood and listened.
Again the faint knocking sounded.[pg 236]
"Mrs. De Peyster, it's Matilda," whispered an agitated

  voice.
Mrs. De Peyster quickly unlocked and opened the door. Matilda

  slipped in and the door was softly closed upon her back.
"Here's some food—just what I could grab in a

  second—I didn't dare take time to choose." Matilda held out

  a bundle wrapped in a newspaper. "Take it, ma'am. I don't dare

  stay here a second."
But Mrs. De Peyster caught her arm.
"How did they take my going?"
"Mr. Jack thought home was really the best place for my

  sister, if she was sick, ma'am. And Mary was awfully kind and

  asked me all sorts of questions—which—which I found

  it awfully hard to answer, ma'am,—and she is going to send

  you the book you didn't finish. And Mr. Pyecroft got me off into

  a corner and said, so we'd tried to give him the slip again."
"What is he going to do?"
"He said he was safe here, under Judge Harvey's protection.

  Outside some detective might insist on arresting him, and perhaps

  things might take such a turn that even Judge Harvey might not be

  able to help him. So he said he was going to stay on here till

  things blew over. Oh, please, ma'am, let me go, for if they were

  to hear me—"
A minute later the chattering Matilda was out of the room, the

  door was locked, and Mrs. De Peyster was sitting in a chair with

  the bundle of provisions [pg 237] on her exquisitely lacquered

  tea-table. In the newspaper was a small loaf of bread, a tin of

  salmon, and a kitchen knife. That was all. Not even butter! And,

  of course, no coffee—she who liked coffee, strong, three

  times a day. But when was she ever again to know the taste of

  coffee!
Never before had she sat face to face with such an

  uninteresting menu. But she devoured it—opening the tin of

  salmon after great effort with the knife—devoured it every

  bit. Then she noticed the newspaper in which the provisions had

  been wrapped. It was part of that day's, Sunday's, "Record," and

  it was the illustrated supplement. This she unfolded, and before

  her eyes stood a big-lettered title, "Annual Exodus of Society

  Leaders," and in the queenly place in the center of the page was

  her own portrait by M. Dubois.
Her eyes wandered up to the original, which was dimly

  illumined by the rays of her one candle. What poise, what

  breeding, what calm, imperturbable dignity! Then her gaze came

  back to her be-crumbed tea-table, with the kitchen knife and the

  raggedly gaping can. She slipped rather limply down in her chair

  and covered her eyes.
A day passed—and another—and another. Outside Mrs.

  De Peyster's suite these days flew by with honeymoon rapidity;

  within, they lingered, and clung on, and seemed determined never

  to go, as is time's malevolent practice with those imprisoned.

  Mrs. De Peyster could hear Mary practicing, [pg 238] and

  practicing hard—and, yes, brilliantly. As for Jack, Matilda

  told her on her later visits—and her later bundles

  contained a larger and more palatable supply of food than had the

  first package—Matilda said that Jack, too, was working

  hard. Furthermore, Matilda admitted, the pair were having the

  jolliest of honeymoons.
And a further thing Matilda told on her third furtive,

  after-midnight visit. This concerned Mr. Pyecroft. Mr. Pyecroft,

  it seemed, was becoming an even greater favorite with Jack and

  Mary—particularly with Mary. He had confided to them that

  he was weary of his escapades, and wanted to settle down; in

  fact, there was a girl—the nicest girl in the world,

  begging Mary's pardon—who had promised to marry him as soon

  as he had become launched in honorable work. The trouble was, he

  knew that no business man would employ him in a responsible

  capacity, and so his last departures from strict rectitude had

  been for the purpose of securing the capital to set himself up in

  some small but independent way.
His story, Matilda admitted, had captured Mary's heart.
Judge Harvey, however, still smarting under his indignity,

  would on his evening calls scarcely speak to Mr. Pyecroft.

  Nonetheless, Mr. Pyecroft had continued regretful and polite.

  Once or twice, Judge Harvey, forgetting his resentment, had been

  drawn into discussions of points of law with Mr. [pg 239]

  Pyecroft. To Matilda, who, of course, knew nothing about law, it

  had seemed that Mr. Pyecroft talked almost as well as the Judge

  himself. But the Judge, the instant he remembered himself,

  resumed his ire toward Mr. Pyecroft.
Thus three days, in which it seemed to Mrs. De Peyster that

  Time stood still and taunted her,—each day exactly like the

  day before, a day of half starvation, of tiptoed, breathless

  routine,—days in which she spoke not a word save a whisper

  or two at midnight at the food-bearing visit of the sad-visaged

  Matilda,—three dull, diabolic days dragged by their

  interminable length of hours. Such days!—such awful, awful

  days!
On Matilda's fourth visit with her usual bundle of pilferings

  from the pantry, Mrs. De Peyster observed in the manner of that

  disconsolate pirate a great deal of suppressed agitation—of

  a sort hardly ascribable to the danger of their situation: an

  agitation quite different from mere nervous fear. There were

  traces of recent crying in Matilda's face, and now and then she

  had difficulty in holding down a sob. Mrs. De Peyster pressed her

  as to the trouble; Matilda chokingly replied that there was

  nothing. Mrs. De Peyster persisted, and soon Matilda was weeping

  openly.
"Oh, my heart's broke, ma'am!" she sobbed. "My heart's

  broke!"
"Your heart broken! How?"
"Before I can tell you, ma'am," cried the miserable

  [pg

  240] Matilda, "I've got to make a confession. I've

  done—something awful! I've disobeyed you, ma'am! I've

  disobeyed and deceived you!"
"What, Matilda," said Mrs. De Peyster severely, "after the way

  I've trusted you for twenty years!"
"Yes, ma'am. But, I couldn't help it, ma'am! There's feelings

  one can't—"
"But what have you done?"
"I've—I've fallen in love, ma'am. For over a year I've

  been the same as engaged to William."
"William!" cried Mrs. De Peyster, sinking back from her erect,

  reproving posture, and recalling an unforgettable episode.
"Yes, ma'am,—to William. I'm sorry I disobeyed you,

  ma'am,—very sorry,—but I can't think about that now.

  For now," sobbed Matilda, "for now it's all off—and my

  heart is broke!"
"All off? Why?" breathed Mrs. De Peyster.
"That's what I can't understand, ma'am," wailed Matilda. "It's

  all a mystery to me. I've hardly seen William, and haven't spoken

  to him, since we came back, and he's acted awfully queer to me.

  I—I couldn't stand it any longer, and this evening I went

  out to the stable to see him. He was as stiff, and as polite, and

  as mad as—oh, William was never like that to me before,

  ma'am! I asked him what was the matter. 'All right, if you want

  to break off, I'm willing!' he said in, oh, such a hard voice.

  'But, William,' I said, beginning to cry, [pg 241]

  'but, William, what have I ever done to you?' 'You know what

  you've done!' he said."
"Oh!" breathed Mrs. De Peyster.
"I begged him to explain, but he just turned his back on me

  and walked away! And now, ma'am," wept Matilda, "I know he'll

  never explain, he's such a proud, obstinate, stiff-necked man!

  And I love him so, Mrs. De Peyster,—I love him so! Oh, my

  heart is broke!"
Mrs. De Peyster gazed at her sobbing serving-woman in chilled

  dismay. She was for a moment impelled to explain to Matilda; but

  she quickly realized it would never, never do for her housekeeper

  to know that her coachman had made love to her, and had—had

  even kissed her. Every drop of De Peyster blood revolted against

  such a degradation.
"I hope it will come out all right, Matilda," she said in a

  shaking voice.
"Oh, it never can!" Matilda had already started for the door.

  She paused, hesitant, with the knob in her hand. "But you,

  ma'am," she faltered, "can you ever forgive me for the way I

  deceived you?"
Mrs. De Peyster tried to look severe, yet relenting.
"I'll try to overlook it, Matilda."
"Thank you, ma'am," snuffled Matilda; and very humbly she went

  out.[pg 242]
CHAPTER XX
MATILDA BREAKS IT GENTLY
At two o'clock of the fifth night Matilda stole into Mrs. De

  Peyster with a face that would have been an apt cover for the

  Book of Lamentations. She opened her pages. That day she had had

  a telegram that her sister Angelica—the really and truly

  Angelica, who really and truly lived near Syracuse—that

  Angelica was seriously ill. She was sorry, but she felt that she

  must go.
"Of course, you must go, Matilda!" exclaimed Mrs. De Peyster.

  Then the significance to her of Matilda's absence flashed upon

  her. "But what will I do without any company at all?" she cried.

  "And without any food?"
"I've seen to the food, ma'am." And Matilda explained that

  during the evening, in preparation for her going, she had been

  smuggling into the house from Sixth Avenue delicatessen stores

  boxes of crackers, cold meats, all varieties of canned

  goods—"enough to last you for a month, ma'am, and by that

  time I'll be back."
Her explanation made, Matilda proceeded, with extremest

  caution, to carry the provisions up and stack them in one corner

  of Mrs. De Peyster's large, white-tiled bathroom. When the

  freightage was [pg 243] over, the bathroom, with its supply

  of crackers and zweibach, its bottles of olives and pickles, its

  cold tongue, cold roast beef, cold chicken, its cans of salmon,

  sardines, deviled ham, California peaches, and condensed

  milk—the bathroom was itself a delicatessen shop that many

  an ambitious young German would have regarded as a proud start in

  life.
"But what about food for the others while you're gone?"

  inquired Mrs. De Peyster—with a sudden hope that the others

  would be starved into leaving.
"I've attended to them, ma'am. I've bought a lot of things

  that will keep. And then I told the tradespeople that my niece

  was going to be here in my place, and they are to deliver milk

  and other fresh things for her every day in care of William."
Matilda broke down at the last moment.
"If it wasn't for you, ma'am, I wouldn't care if it was me

  that was sick, instead of my sister, and if I never got well. For

  with William—"
She could say no more, and departed adrip with tears.
Matilda's nightly visits were a loss; but Mrs. De Peyster had

  come to take her situation more and more philosophically. The

  life was unspeakably tedious, to be sure, and rather dangerous,

  too; but she had accepted the predicament—it had to be

  endured and could not be helped; and such a state of mind made

  her circumstances much easier to support. All in all, there was

  no reason, though, [pg 244] of course, it was most

  uncomfortable—there was no good reason, she kept assuring

  herself, why she might not safely withstand the siege and come

  out of the affair with none but her two confidants being the

  wiser.
In this philosophic mood three more days passed—passed

  slowly and tediously, to be sure, but yet they did get by. There

  were relaxations, of course,—things to occupy her mind. She

  read a little each day; she listened to Mary's concert in the

  drawing-room below her—for Mary dared to continue playing

  despite Matilda's absence, since it was known that Matilda's

  niece was in the house, though Mary never showed her face; she

  listened for snatches of the conversation of Jack and Mary and

  Mr. Pyecroft when they passed her door; at times she stood upon a

  chair at one of her windows and cautiously peered through the

  little panes in her shutters, like the lens of a camera, down

  into the sunny green of Washington Square.
Also, of evenings, she found herself straining to hear the

  voice of Judge Harvey. When she surprised herself at this, she

  would flush slightly, and again raise her book close to her

  shaded candle.
Then, of course, her meals were a diversion. She became quite

  expert with the can-opener and the corkscrew. The empty cans,

  since there was no way to get them out of her suite, she stacked

  on the side of the bathroom opposite her provisions; and daily

  the stack grew higher.[pg 245]
The nearest approach to an incident during this solitary

  period came to pass on the third night after Matilda's departure.

  On that evening Mrs. De Peyster became aware of a new voice in

  the house—a voice with a French accent. It seemed familiar,

  yet for a time she was puzzled as to the identity of the voice's

  owner. Then suddenly she knew: the man below was M. Dubois, whom

  Olivetta, at her desire, had with unwilling but obedient

  frostiness sent about his business. She had known that Jack had

  taken up with M. Dubois at the time the artist was doing her

  portrait; but she had not known that Jack was so intimate as the

  artist's being admitted to Jack's secret seemed to indicate.
Within herself, some formless, incomprehensible thing seemed

  about to happen. During these days of solitude—and this,

  too, even before Matilda had gone—a queer new something had

  begun to stir within her, almost as though threatening an

  eruption. It seemed a force, or spirit, rising darkly from

  hitherto unknown spaces of her being. It frightened her, with its

  amorphous, menacing strangeness. She tried to keep it down. She

  tried to keep her mental eyes away from it. And so, during all

  these days, she had no idea what the fearsome thing might

  be....
And then something did happen. On the fifth day after

  Matilda's departure, and the eighteenth after the sailing of the

  Plutonia, Mrs. De Peyster observed a sudden change in the

  atmosphere of the [pg 246] house. Within an hour, from being

  filled with honeymoon hilarity, the house became filled with

  gloom. There was no more laughter—no more running up and

  down the stairs and through the hallways—the piano's song

  was silent. Mrs. De Peyster sought to gain some clue to this

  mysterious change by listening for the talk of Mary and Jack and

  Mr. Pyecroft as they passed her door. But whereas the trio had

  heretofore spoken freely and often in liveliest tones, they now

  were either wordless or their voices were solemnly hushed.
What did it mean? Days passed—the solemn gloom continued

  unabated—and this question grew an ever more puzzling

  mystery to Mrs. De Peyster. What could it possibly,

  possibly, mean?
But there was no way in which she could find out. Her only

  source of information was Matilda, and Matilda was gone for a

  month; and even if Matilda, by any chance, should know what was

  the matter, she would not dare write; and even if she wrote, the

  letter, of course, would never be delivered, but would doubtless

  be forwarded to the pretended Mrs. De Peyster in Europe. Mrs. De

  Peyster could only wonder—and read—and gaze furtively

  out of the little peep-holes of her prison—and

  eat—and stack the empty cans yet higher in her

  bathroom—and wait, impatiently wait, while the mystery grew

  daily and hourly in magnitude.
Among the details that added to the mystery's bulk was the

  sound of another new but familiar [pg 247] voice—the voice

  of the competent Miss Gardner, her discharged secretary. And Miss

  Gardner's voice was not heard for an hour and then heard no

  more—but was heard day after day, and her tone was the tone

  of a person who is acquainted with the management of an

  establishment and who is giving necessary orders. And another

  detail was that William no longer kept to the stable, but seemed

  now constantly busy within the house. And another detail was that

  she became aware that Jack and Mary no longer tried to keep their

  presence in the house a secret, but went openly forth into the

  streets together. And Judge Harvey every day came openly to see

  them.
But the most bewildering, and yet most clarifying, detail of

  all was one she observed on the twelfth day since Matilda's

  going, the twenty-fifth of her own official absence.
On that afternoon she was standing on a chair entertaining

  herself by gazing through one of her shutters, when she saw Jack

  crossing Washington Square. He was walking very soberly, and

  about the left sleeve of a quiet gray summer suit was a band of

  crape.
Mrs. De Peyster stepped down from her chair. The mystery was

  lifting. Somebody was dead! But who? Who?
Early the next morning, while the inmates of the house were

  occupied in the serving or the eating of breakfast, Mrs. De

  Peyster was startled by a soft [pg 248] knocking at her door.

  But instantly she was reassured by the tremulous accents

  without.
"It's me, ma'am,—Matilda. Let me in—quick!"
The next instant the door opened and Matilda half staggered,

  half fell, into the room. But such a Matilda! Shivering all over,

  eyes wildly staring.
"What is it?" cried Mrs. De Peyster, seizing her housekeeper's

  arm.
"Oh, ma—ma—ma'am," chattered Matilda.

  "It's—it's awful!"
"But what is it?" demanded Mrs. De Peyster, beginning to

  tremble with an unknown terror.
"Oh, it's—it's awful! I couldn't get you word

  before—for I didn't dare write, and my sister wasn't well

  enough for me to leave her till last night."
Mrs. De Peyster shook the shaking Matilda.
"Will you please tell me what's happened!"
"Yes, ma—ma'am. Here's a copy of the first paper that

  had anything about it. The paper's over a week old. I brought it

  along to—to break the thing to you gently."
Mrs. De Peyster seized the newspaper. In the center of its

  first page was a reproduction of M. Dubois's painting of herself,

  and across the paper's top ran the giant

  headline:—


SO—SO IT'S I—THAT'S—THAT'S DEAD!
"SO—SO IT'S I—THAT'S—THAT'S DEAD!"


[pg

  249]


MRS. DE PEYSTER FOUND
DEAD IN THE SEINE


Face Disfigured by Water, but
Friends in Paris Identify Social
Leader by Clothes upon
the Body


Mrs. De Peyster sank without a word into a chair, and her face

  duplicated the ashen hue of Matilda's.
Matilda likewise collapsed into a chair. "Oh, isn't it awful,

  ma'am," she moaned.
"So—so it's I—that's—that's dead!" mumbled

  Mrs. De Peyster.
"Yes, ma'am. But that isn't all. I—I thought I'd break

  it to you gently. That was over a week ago. Since

  then—"
"You mean," breathed the marble lips of Mrs. De Peyster, "that

  there's something more?"
"Yes, ma'am. Oh, the papers have been full of it. It's been a

  tremendous sensation!"
"Oh!" gasped Mrs. De Peyster.
"And Mr. Jack, since you died without a will, is your heir.

  And, since he is now the head of the De Peyster family, the first

  thing he did on hearing the news was to arrange by cable to have

  your body sent here."
Mrs. De Peyster, as though galvanized, half rose from her

  chair.
"You mean—my body—is coming here?"[pg 250]
"I said I was trying to break it to you gently," moaned

  Matilda. "It's—it's already here. The ship that brought it

  is now docking. Your funeral—"
"My funeral!"
"It takes place in the drawing-room, this morning. Oh, isn't

  it awful! But, perhaps, ma'am, if you could see what beautiful

  flowers your friends have sent—"
But Mrs. De Peyster had very softly sunk back into her

  chair.[pg 251]
CHAPTER XXI
THE VEILED LADY
As soon as that huddled mass of womanhood that was Mrs. De

  Peyster had become sufficiently reanimated to be able to think,

  its first thought came in the form of an unuttered wail.
She was dead! She was to be buried! She could never come home

  again!
Or if she did come home, what a scandal! A scandal

  out-scandalizing anything of which she had ever dreamed! A

  scandal worse ten times than the very grave itself!
With loose face and glazed eyes she stared at Matilda while

  the latter stammered out disjointed details of the past week's

  happenings. As for Mr. Jack's lark in dwelling surreptitiously

  with his wife in his mother's house, not a breath of that had

  reached the public. With Mr. Pyecroft's aid, and Judge Harvey's,

  he had managed this well. He had told the reporters that he had

  been quietly married over three weeks before, that he and his

  wife had been living in seclusion, and that on learning of his

  mother's demise they had come to the house to direct the

  obsequies.... Those Paris police were trying to solve the mystery

  of what had become of Mrs. De Peyster's trunks.... If Mrs. De

  Peyster [pg 252] could only see the beautiful floral

  tributes that were arriving, particularly the large wreath sent

  by Mrs. Allistair—
But Mrs. De Peyster heard none of this. She was dead! She was

  to be buried! She could never come home again!
At length her lips moved—slowly, stiffly, as might the

  lips of a dead person.
"What are we going to do?"
"I've been saying that same question to myself for days,

  ma'am," quavered Matilda. "And I—I don't see any

  answer."
No, there was nothing she could do. Mrs. De Peyster continued

  her glazed stare at her faithful serving-woman. In the first few

  minutes her mind had been able to take in the significance only

  to herself of this culminating disaster. But now its significance

  to another person shivered through that her being.
Poor—poor Olivetta!
For Olivetta, of course, it was. Mrs. De Peyster knew what was

  due the De Peyster corpuscles that moved in stately procession

  along the avenues of her blood, and was not neglectful to see

  that that due was properly observed; but the heart from which

  those corpuscles derived their impulse was, as Judge Harvey had

  once said, in its way the kindest sort of heart. And now, for a

  few minutes, all that her heart could feel was felt for

  Olivetta.
But for a few minutes only. Then Olivetta, and [pg 253] all

  concerns beyond the immediate moment, were suddenly forgotten.

  For in the hall without soft footsteps were heard, and the

  instant after, upon her door, there sounded an ominous

  scratching—a sound like a key in an agitated hand searching

  for its appointed hole.
Mrs. De Peyster rose up and clutched Matilda's arm, and stood

  in rigid terror.
"Tha—that key?" chattered Matilda. "Can—can it

  fit?"
"There were only two keys," breathed Mrs. De Peyster. "Mine

  here, and the one I gave to Olivetta."
"Then it can't fit, since Miss Olivetta's—"
But the key gave Matilda the lie direct by slipping into the

  lock. The two women clung to one another, knowing that the end

  had come, wondering who was to be their exposer. The bolt clicked

  back, the door swung open, and—
And into the dusky room there tottered a rather tall, heavily

  veiled, feminine figure. It did not gaze at the shrinking couple

  in astoundment. It did not launch into exclamation at its

  discovery. Instead, it sank weakly down into the nearest

  chair.
"Oh!" it moaned. "Oh! Oh! Oh!"
"Who—who are you?" huskily demanded Mrs. De Peyster.
"Oh! Oh!" moaned the figure. "Isn't it terrible! Isn't it

  terrible! But I didn't mean to do it—I didn't mean to do

  it, Caroline!"[pg 254]
"It's not—not Olivetta?" gasped Mrs. De Peyster.
"It was an accident!" the figure wailed on. "I couldn't help

  myself. And if you knew what I've gone through to get here, I

  know you'd forgive me."
Mrs. De Peyster had lifted the veil up over the hat.
"Olivetta! Then—after all—you're not dead!"
"No—if I only were!" sobbed Olivetta.
"Then who is that—that person who's coming here this

  morning?"
"I don't know!" Then Olivetta's quavering voice grew hard with

  indignation. "It's somebody who's trying to get a good funeral

  under false pretenses!"
"But the papers said the body had on my clothes."
"Yes—I suppose it must have had."
"But how—" Mrs. De Peyster recalled their precarious

  position. "Matilda, lock the door. But, Olivetta, how could it

  ever, ever have happened?"
"I followed your directions—and got to Paris all

  right—and everything was going splendid—and I was

  beginning to enjoy myself—when—when—Oh,

  Caroline, I—I—"
"You what?" demanded Mrs. De Peyster.
"I lost my purse!" sobbed Olivetta.
"Lost your purse?"
"I left it in a cab when I went to the Louvre. And in it was

  all my money—my letter of

  credit—everything!"[pg 25]
"Olivetta!"
"And I didn't dare cable you for more. For if I had sent a

  cable to you here, it might have betrayed you."
"And what did you do?"
"There was nothing for me to do but to—to—sell

  some of your gowns."
"Oh!" Mrs. De Peyster was beginning dimly to see the drift of

  things.
Olivetta's mind wandered to another phase of her

  tribulations.
"And the price I got for them was a swindle, Caroline. It

  was—it was a tragedy! For your black chiffon, and your

  silver satin, and your spangled net—"
"But this person they took for me?" interrupted Mrs. De

  Peyster.
"Oh, whoever she is, she must have bought one of them. She

  could have bought it for nothing—and that Frenchman who

  cheated me—would have doubled his money. And after she

  bought it—she—she"—Olivetta's voice rang out

  with hysterical resentment—"she got us all into this

  trouble by walking into the Seine. It's the most popular pastime

  in Paris, to walk into the Seine. But why," ended Olivetta with a

  spiteful burst,—"why couldn't she have amused herself in

  her own clothes? That's what I want to know!"
"And then? What did you do?" breathed Mrs. De

  Peyster.[pg 256]
"When it came out three days later that it was you, I was

  so—so frightened that I didn't know what to do. I didn't

  dare deny the report, for that would have been to expose you. And

  I didn't dare cable to you that it was all a mistake and that I

  was all right, for that would have been just as bad. Perhaps I

  might have acted differently, but I—well, I ran away. I

  crossed to London with your trunks. There I learned

  that—that they were sending your remains home. I realized I

  had to get you word somehow, and I realized the only way was for

  me to come and tell you. So I sold some more of your gowns, and

  just caught the Mauretania, and here I am."
So ending, Olivetta, as though her bones had melted, subsided

  into a gelatinous heap of dejection, dabbing her crimson eyes

  with a handkerchief already saturated with liquid woe.
"It's a relief to know it wasn't you," said Mrs. De

  Peyster.
"I'm sure—it's kind of you—to say so," snuffled

  Olivetta gratefully.
"But, aside from your being safe, our situation is unchanged,"

  said Mrs. De Peyster in tremulous, awe-stricken tone. "For

  that—that person is coming here just the same!"
"I know. The horrid interloper!"
"She may be here any minute," said Mrs. De Peyster. "What are

  we going to do?"
"We must think of something quick," spoke up [pg 257]

  Matilda nervously. "For it's almost time for your funeral, ma'am,

  and after that—"
"I've been thinking all the voyage over," broke in Olivetta.

  "And I could think of only one plan."
"And that?" Mrs. De Peyster eagerly inquired.
There was an excited, desperate light in Olivetta's flooding

  eyes.
"Couldn't you manage, in some way, while nobody is looking, to

  slip into that Frenchwoman's place; and then, before the ceremony

  was over, you could sit up and say you'd been in a cataleptic

  fit. Such things have happened. I've read about them."
"Absurd, Olivetta! Quite absurd!" quavered Mrs. De

  Peyster.
"I dare say it is," agreed Olivetta, subsiding again into her

  limp misery. "Oh, why did I ever go to Paris! I hate the

  place!"
"Don't give way; think!" commanded Mrs. De Peyster, who was in

  a condition not far removed from Olivetta's. "Think,

  Matilda!"
"Yes, ma'am," said Matilda obediently.
"You think, Caroline," whimpered Olivetta. "You always had

  such a superior intellect, and were always so equal to every

  emergency."
Mrs. De Peyster thus reminded of what was expected of her

  life-long leadership, tried to collect her scattered forces, and

  sat with pale, drawn, twitching face, staring at her

  predicament—and her two faithful subjects sat staring at

  her, waiting the inspired idea for escape that would fall from

  her [pg

  258] never-failing lips. Moment after moment of deepest

  silence followed.
At length Mrs. De Peyster spoke.
"There are only two ways. First, for me to go down and

  disclose myself—"
"But the scandal! The humiliation!" cried Olivetta.
"Yes, that first way will never do," said Mrs. De Peyster.

  "The second way is not a solution; it is only a means to a

  possible solution. But before I state the way, I must ask you,

  Olivetta, if any one saw you come in?"
"There were a number of people coming and going, people

  preparing for the funeral—but I watched my chance, and used

  my latch-key, and I'm sure no one connected with the house saw

  me."
"That is good. If any outsiders saw you, they will merely

  believe that you also were some person concerned in the funeral.

  As for my plan, it is simple. You must both slip out of here

  unseen; you, Olivetta, will, of course, say that you have

  returned to the city to attend my funeral. From the outside you

  both must help me."
"Yes. But you, Caroline?" said Olivetta.
"As for me, I must stay here, quietly, just as I have done for

  the last three weeks. I still have some supplies left. After

  everything has quieted down, I shall watch my chance, and steal

  out of the house late some night. That's as far as I have

  planned, but once away I can work out some explanation for

  [pg

  259] the terrible mistake and then come home. That seems

  the only way; that seems the only chance."
"You always were a wonder!" cried Olivetta admiringly.
"Then you agree to the plan?"
"Of course!"
"And you, Matilda?"
"Of course, ma'am."
Thus praised and seconded, Mrs. De Peyster resumed some faint

  shadow of her accustomed dignity.
"Very well, then. You must both leave here this instant."
Olivetta threw her arms about her cousin's neck.
"Good-bye, Caroline," she quavered. "You really have no hard

  feelings against me?"
"No, none. You must go!" said Mrs. De Peyster.
"I'm sure, with you in charge, it's all going to come out

  right!" said the clinging Olivetta hopefully.
"You must really go!" And Mrs. De Peyster pressed her and

  Matilda toward the door.
But midway to the door the trio halted suddenly. Coming up the

  stairway was the sound of hurried feet—of many pairs of

  feet. The footsteps came through the hall. The trio did not

  breathe. The footsteps paused before the sitting-room door. The

  confederates gripped each others' arms.
"Are you sure you saw that person come in here?" they heard a

  voice ask—Jack's voice.[pg 260]
"I'm certain." The voice that answered was Mary's.
"I'll bet it was a sneak thief," said a third voice—Mr.

  Pyecroft's. "To slip into a house at a funeral, or a wedding,

  when a lot of people are coming and going—that's one of

  their oldest tricks." He turned the knob, and finding the door

  locked, shook it violently. "Open up, in there!" he called.
The three clung to one another for support.
"Better open up!" called a fourth voice—Judge Harvey's.

  "For we know you're in there!"
Breathless, the trembling conspirators clung yet more

  desperately.
"But how could she get in?" queried the excited voice of Mary.

  "I understood that Mrs. De Peyster locked the door before she

  went away."
"Skeleton key," was Mr. Pyecroft's brief explanation. "Mrs. De

  Peyster, we three will watch the door to see she doesn't get

  out—there may have been more than one of her. You go and

  telephone for a locksmith and the police."
"All right," said Mary.
"It's—it's all over!" breathed Mrs. De Peyster.
"Oh, oh! What shall we ever do?" wailed Olivetta, collapsing

  into a chair.
"The police!—she mustn't go!" gasped Mrs. De Peyster.

  "Open the door, Matilda, quick!" Then in a weak, quavering voice

  she called to her besiegers:—
"Wait!"[pg 261]
After which she wilted away into the nearest chair—which

  chanced to be directly beneath the awesome, unbending,

  blue-blue-blooded Mrs. De Peyster of the golden frame, whose

  proud composure it was beyond things mortal to

  disturb.[pg 262]
CHAPTER XXII
A FAMILY REUNION
Matilda's shaking hand unlocked the door. Jack lunged in,

  behind him Mr. Pyecroft and Judge Harvey, and behind them Mary.

  On Jack's face was a look of menacing justice. But at sight of

  the trembling turnkey the invading party suddenly halted, and

  Jack's stern jaw relaxed and almost dropped from its sockets.
"Matilda!" he exclaimed. And from behind him, like a

  triplicate echo, sounded the others' "Matilda!"
"Good—good-morning, Mr. Jack," quavered Matilda, locking

  the door again.
Then the four sighted Olivetta.
"What, you, Olivetta!" Jack and Judge Harvey cried in

  unison.
"Yes, it's I, Jack," she said with an hysterical laugh. "I

  just thought I'd call in to express—it's no more than is

  proper, my being her cousin, you know,—to express my

  sympathy to your mother."
"Your sympathy to my mother?"
"Yes. To—to tell her how—how sorry I am that she's

  dead," elucidated Olivetta.
A little hand gripped Jack's arm.
"Jack!"[pg 263]
He turned his head and his eyes followed Mary's pointing

  finger.
"Mother!" He walked amazedly up before Mrs. De Peyster's

  palsied figure. "Mother!"
In the same instant Judge Harvey was beside her.
"Caroline!" he breathed, like one seeing a ghost.
"Ye-yes," she mumbled.
"Then you're not dead?"
"N-no," she mumbled.
The Judge and Jack and Mary gazed down at her in uttermost

  astoundment. To them was added Mr. Pyecroft. His bewilderment,

  for the moment, was the greatest of the group; for the likeness

  between the black-garbed, fled Angelica, and this real Mrs. De

  Peyster in lavender dressing-gown, was more remarkable than he

  had ever dreamed.
"Thank God!" quavered Judge Harvey. And then, voicing the

  general amazement: "But—but—I don't understand! What

  has happened? How do you come here?"
Mrs. De Peyster, with a shivering glance at them all, and one

  of particular terror at her recent confederate, Mr. Pyecroft,

  made a last rally to save herself.
"My explanation—that is, all I know about this

  affair—is really very simple. I—you see—I very

  unexpectedly returned home—and—and discovered

  this—this situation. That is all." She gathered a little

  more courage. "I do not need to inform you that I have been

  away."[pg 264]
"Of course, we know you've been away!" said Jack. "But that

  Mrs. De Peyster at the pier—who is she?"
"She's nothing—but a base—impostor!" cried

  Olivetta indignantly, lifting her face for a moment from her

  woe-soaked handkerchief. "Don't you believe a word she says!"
"But we're all ready for the ceremony!" exclaimed Jack. "There

  are a dozen reporters downstairs, and no end of friends are

  coming from out of town to be present. And that person, whoever

  she is, will be here—"
"I tell you she's an impostor!" cried Olivetta frantically.

  "Don't you let her in!"
"Caroline, I can't tell you how—" Judge Harvey's voice,

  tremulous with relief at this unbelievably averted tragedy, broke

  off. "But what are we going to do?" he cried.
"Yes, what are we going to do?" echoed Mary.
Concern over this new, swiftly approaching crisis for a moment

  took precedence of all other emotions. Judge Harvey and Mary and

  Jack gazed at each other, bewildered, helpless. Something had to

  be done, quick—but what?
"I tell you, don't let that impostor in!" repeated the frantic

  Olivetta.
The three continued their interchange of helpless gaze.
"Pardon me if I seem to intrude," spoke up the even voice of

  Mr. Pyecroft.[pg 265]
Swiftly, but without appearing to hurry, he stepped to Mrs. De

  Peyster's writing-desk, and began running through the pages of

  the telephone book. With terrified apprehension, Mrs. De Peyster

  watched him: what—what was that terrible man going to

  do?
The telephone was now in his hand, the receiver at his

  ear.
"Central, give me Broad 4900.... Is this the French Line? Then

  connect me with the manager.... This the manager of the French

  Line?... I am speaking for Mr. Jack De Peyster, son of Mrs. De

  Peyster,—you know. Please give orders to the proper

  authorities to have Mrs. De Peyster held at the dock. Or if she

  has left, stop her at all cost. There must be no mistake! Further

  orders will follow. Understand?... Thank you very much.

  Good-bye."
He turned about.
"It will be all right," he said quietly.
With a wild stare at him, Mrs. De Peyster sank back in her

  chair and closed her eyes.
"She's fainted!" cried Mary. "Her smelling-salts!"
"A glass of water!" exclaimed Jack.
"No, no," breathed Mrs. De Peyster.
But the pair had darted away, Mary into the bedroom, Jack into

  the bathroom. From the bathroom came a sudden, jangling din like

  the sheet-iron thunder of the stage.[pg 266]
Mary reappeared, fresh amazement on her face.
"Somebody's been using the bedroom! The bed's not made, and

  your clothes are all about!"
The next moment Jack rushed in behind her.
"What a stack of empty tin cans I kicked into in the bathroom!

  What the deuce has been going on here?"
Mrs. De Peyster looked weakly, hopelessly, at Olivetta.
"There's no use trying to keep it up any longer. We—we

  might as well confess. You tell them, Olivetta."
But Olivetta protested into her dripping handkerchief that she

  never, never could. So it fell to Mrs. De Peyster herself to be

  the historian of her plans and misadventures—and she was so

  far reduced that even the presence of Mr. Pyecroft made no

  difference to her; and as for Mr. Pyecroft, when the truth of the

  affair flashed upon him, that wide, flexible mouth twisted upward

  into its whimsicalest smile—but the next instant his face

  was gravity itself. With every word she grew less and less like

  the Mrs. De Peyster of M. Dubois's masterpiece. At the close of

  the long narrative, made longer by frequent outbursts of misery,

  she could have posed for a masterpiece of humiliation.
"It's all been bad enough," she moaned at the end; "what's

  happened is all bad enough, but think what's yet to come! It's

  all coming out! Everybody will be laughing at

  me—oh!—oh!—oh!—"[pg 267]
Mrs. De Peyster was drifting away into inarticulate

  lamentations, when there came a tramping sound upon the stairway.

  She drew herself up.
"What's that?"
There was a loud rap upon the door.
"I say, Judge Harvey, Mr. De Peyster," called out a voice.

  "What's all this delay about?"
"Who is it?" breathed Mrs. De Peyster.
"That infernal Mayfair, and the whole gang of reporters!"

  exclaimed Jack.
"Oh, Jack,—Judge Harvey! Save me! Save me!"
"The hour set for the funeral is passed," Mayfair continued to

  call, "the drawing-room is packed with people, and the body

  hasn't arrived yet. We don't want to make ourselves obnoxious,

  but it's almost press-time for the next edition, and we've got to

  know what's doing. You know what a big story this is.

  Understand—we've simply got to know!"
"Judge—what the devil are we going to do?"

  breathed Jack.
"My God, Caroline, Jack,—this is awful!" Judge Harvey

  whispered desperately. "We simply can't keep this out of the

  papers, and when it does get out—"
"Oh! Oh!" moaned Mrs. De Peyster.
"Judge Harvey," called the impatient Mr. Mayfair, "you really

  must tell us what's up!"
Judge Harvey and Jack and Mary regarded each [pg 268]

  other in blank desperation; Mrs. De Peyster and Olivetta and

  Matilda were merely different varieties of jellied

  helplessness.
"Judge Harvey," Mr. Mayfair called again, "we simply must

  insist!"
"Caroline," falteringly whispered Judge Harvey, "I don't see

  what we—"
"Pardon me," whispered Mr. Pyecroft, gently stepping forward

  among them. Then he raised his voice: "Wait just one minute,

  gentlemen! You shall know everything!"
"Oh, Mr. Pyecroft, don't, don't!" moaned Mrs. De Peyster.

  "Judge Harvey—Jack—don't let him! Send them away! Put

  it off! I can't stand it!"
But Mr. Pyecroft, without heeding her protest, and unhampered

  by the others, stepped to Olivetta's side.
"Miss Harmon," he whispered rapidly, "did you obey Mrs. De

  Peyster's instructions on your voyage home? About keeping to your

  stateroom—about keeping yourself veiled, and all the

  rest?"
"Yes," said Olivetta.
"And Mrs. De Peyster's trunks, where are they?"
"At the Cunard pier,"
"What name did you sail under?"
"Miss Harriman."
In the same instant Mr. Pyecroft had lifted Olivetta to her

  feet, had drawn from her boneless figure the long traveling-coat

  of pongee silk, and [pg 269] had drawn the pins from her

  traveling-hat. Released from his support, Olivetta re-collapsed.

  In the next instant Mr. Pyecroft had Mrs. De Peyster upon her

  feet, with firm, deft, resistless hands had slipped the long coat

  upon her, had put the hat upon her head and pushed in the pins,

  had drawn the thick veil down over her face—and had thrust

  her again down into her chair.
"Matilda, not a word!" he ordered, in a quick, authoritative

  whisper. "Miss Harmon, not a word! Mrs. De Peyster, call up your

  nerve; you'll need it, for you know that Mayfair is the cleverest

  reporter in Park Row. And now, Mrs. Jack De Peyster,"—for

  Mary stood nearest the door,—"let them in."
Mrs. De Peyster half-rose in ultimate consternation.
"Oh, please—please—you're not going to let them

  in!"
"We don't dare keep them out!" Mr. Pyecroft pressed Mrs. De

  Peyster firmly back into her chair. "Keep your nerve!" he

  repeated sharply. "Open the door, please,—quick!"
Mary cast a questioning glance at Jack, who, bewildered,

  nodded his consent. She unlocked the door.[pg 270]
CHAPTER XXIII
MR. PYECROFT TAKES CHARGE
The next moment a dozen reporters crowded into the room, the

  redoubtable Mr. Mayfair at their head; and behind them could be

  seen the pale, curious faces of William, Miss Gardner, and M.

  Dubois. Mrs. De Peyster, Olivetta, and Matilda sat in limp

  despair. Judge Harvey, Jack, and Mary gazed in breathless

  suspense and wonderment at Mr. Pyecroft. As for Mr. Pyecroft, he

  stood before Mrs. De Peyster, obscuring her, looking like one who

  has suffered a severe shock, yet withal grave and composed.
"What's up?" demanded the keen-faced Mayfair.
"Before I answer that," said Mr. Pyecroft, "permit me to

  preface what I have to say by touching upon two necessary

  personal details. First, I believe, at least, you, Mr. Mayfair,

  have known me as Mr. Simpson, brother of Mrs. De Peyster's

  housekeeper. I am not her brother. This harmless deception was

  undertaken, for reasons not necessary to give, at the request of

  Judge Harvey; he wished me to remain in the house to arrange, and

  make abstracts of, certain private papers. The [pg 271]

  second detail is, that I am speaking at the request of Judge

  Harvey, as his associate and as the representative of the De

  Peyster family."
Judge Harvey felt his collar; Jack stared. But fortunately the

  room was dim, and the reporters' eyes were all on the grave,

  candid face of Mr. Pyecroft.
"Yes—yes," said the impatient Mayfair. "But out with the

  story! What's doing?"
"Something that I think will surprise you," said Mr. Pyecroft.

  "Something that has completely astounded all of

  us—particularly this lady who is Mrs. De Peyster's

  housekeeper, and Miss Harmon, here, who has just returned from a

  quiet summer in Maine to attend her cousin's funeral. The fact

  is, gentlemen, to come right to the point, there is to be no

  funeral."
"No funeral!" cried Mr. Mayfair.
"No funeral!" ran through the crowd.
"No funeral," repeated Mr. Pyecroft. "The reason, gentlemen,

  is that a great mistake has been made. Mrs. De Peyster is not

  dead."
"Not dead!" exclaimed the reporters.
"If you desire proof, here it is." Mr. Pyecroft, stepping

  aside, revealed the figure of Mrs. De Peyster. He put his right

  hand upon her shoulder, gripping it tightly and holding her in

  her chair, and with his left he lifted the thick veil above her

  face. "I believe that most of you know Mrs. De Peyster, at least

  from her pictures."[pg 272]
"Mrs. De Peyster!" cried the staggered crowd. "Mrs. De Peyster

  herself!"
"Mrs. De Peyster herself," repeated Mr. Pyecroft in his grave

  voice. "You are surprised, but not more so than the rest of

  us."
"But that other Mrs. De Peyster—the one the funeral is

  for?" asked Mr. Mayfair. "Who is she?"
"That, gentlemen, is as great a mystery to us as to any of

  you," said Mr. Pyecroft.
"But how the—but how did it all happen?" ejaculated Mr.

  Mayfair.
"That is what I am going to tell you," Mr. Pyecroft

  answered.
Mrs. De Peyster struggled up.
"Don't—don't!" she besought him wildly.
Mr. Pyecroft pressed her back into her chair, and held her

  there with an arm that was like a brace of steel.
"You see, gentlemen," he remarked sympathetically, "how this

  business has upset her."
"Yes! But the explanation?"
"Immediately—word for word, as Mrs. De Peyster has just

  now told us," said he.
"Oh!" moaned Mrs. De Peyster.
Olivetta and Matilda gazed at Mr. Pyecroft with ghastly,

  loose-lipped faces; Judge Harvey and Jack and Mary stared at him

  with an amazed suspense which they could hardly mask; and Miss

  Gardner, with whom he had not yet made his peace, breathlessly

  awaited the next move of this incomprehensible [pg 273]

  husband of hers. Mr. Pyecroft kept his eyes, for the most part,

  upon the shrewd, fraud-penetrating features of the unfoilable Mr.

  Mayfair—his own countenance the most truthful that son of

  Adam ever wore.
"What Mrs. De Peyster has said is really very simple. As you

  know, she left Paris two or three weeks ago on a long motor trip.

  During her brief stay in Paris, one of her trunks was either lost

  or stolen, she is not certain which. As she pays no personal

  attention to her baggage, she was not aware of her loss for

  several days. So much is fact. Now we come to mere conjecture. A

  plausible conjecture seems to be that the gowns in the trunk were

  sold to a second-hand dealer, and these gowns, being attractive,

  the dealer must have immediately resold to various purchasers,

  and one of these purchasers must have—"
"Yes, yes! Plain as day!" exclaimed Mr. Mayfair.
"The face was unrecognizable," continued Mr. Pyecroft, "but

  since the gown had sewn into it Mrs. De Peyster's name, of

  course—"
"Of course! The most natural mistake in the world!" cried Mr.

  Mayfair excitedly. "Go on! Go on!"
Mrs. De Peyster had slowly turned a dazed countenance upward

  and was gazing at the sober, plausible face of her young man of

  the sea.
"Mrs. De Peyster did not learn of what had [pg 274]

  happened till the day the supposed Mrs. De Peyster was started

  homeward. The most sensible thing for her to have done would have

  been to declare the mistake, and saved her family and friends a

  great deal of grief. But the shock completely unbalanced her. I

  will not attempt to describe her psychological processes or

  explain her actions. You may call her course illogical,

  hysterical, what you like; I do not seek to defend it; I am only

  trying to give you the facts. She was so completely

  unnerved—But a mere look at Mrs. De Peyster will show you

  how the shock unnerved her."
The group gazed at Mrs. De Peyster's face. A murmur of

  sympathy and understanding ran among them.
"In her hysterical condition," continued Mr. Pyecroft, "she

  had but one thought, and that was to get home as quickly as she

  could. She crossed to England, sailed on the Mauretania, kept to

  her stateroom, and arrived here at the house heavily veiled about

  an hour ago. I may add the details that she sailed under the name

  of Miss Harriman and that her trunks are now at the Cunard pier.

  There you have the entire story, gentlemen."
He looked down at Mrs. De Peyster. "I believe I have stated

  the matter just as you outlined it to us?"
"Ye—yes," breathed Mrs. De Peyster.
"There is no detail you would like to add?"
"N—none," breathed Mrs. De Peyster.[pg 275]
"Then, gentlemen," said Mr. Pyecroft, turning to the

  reporters, "since you have all the facts, and since Mrs. De

  Peyster is in a state bordering on collapse, we would take it as

  a favor if—"
"No need to dismiss us," put in Mr. Mayfair. "We're in a

  bigger hurry to leave than you are to have us go. God, boys," he

  ejaculated to his fellows, "what a peach of a story!"
In a twinkling Mr. Mayfair and his fellows of the press had

  vanished, each in the direction of a telephone over which he

  could hurry this super-sensation into his office.
Within the room, all were staring at Mr. Pyecroft, as though

  in each a whirling chaos were striving to shape itself into

  speech. But before they could become articulate, that sober young

  gentleman had stepped from out of their midst and, his back to

  them, was discreetly engrossing himself in the examination of the

  first object that came to his hands: which chanced to be

  something lying on top of the exquisite safe—a slender

  platinum chain with a pendant pearl.
With him gone, all eyes fixed themselves upon Mrs. De Peyster,

  and there was a profound and motionless silence in the room, save

  at first for some very sincere and vigorous snuffling into the

  handkerchiefs of Olivetta and Matilda. As for Mrs. De Peyster,

  she sat below the awesome, imperturbable Mrs. De Peyster of the

  portrait, and oh, what a change was there in the one

  beneath!—huddled, [pg 276] shaking, not a duchess-like line

  to her person, her face dropped forward in her hands.
"Mother—" Jack breathed at length.
"Caroline!" breathed Judge Harvey. Then added: "I'm sure

  it—it'll never become known."
"Oh, to think it's all over—and we're out of it!"

  Olivetta cried hysterically. "Oh! Oh!" And she limply pitched

  sidewise in her chair.
"Mees Harmon—Olivetta!" exclaimed M. Dubois. He sprang

  forward, knelt at her side and supported her wilted figure

  against his bosom. Upon this poultice to her troubles Olivetta

  relaxed and sobbed unrestrainedly. And no one, particularly Mrs.

  De Peyster, paid the least heed to this little episode.
William, the coachman, the irreproachable, irreplaceable,

  unbendable William, his clean-shaven mask of a face now somewhat

  pale—William took a few respectful paces toward his

  resurrected mistress.
"If you will not regard it as a liberty," said he, with his

  cadence of a prime minister, "I should like to express my relief

  and happiness at your restoration among us."
"Thank you—William," whispered Mrs. De Peyster.
William, having delivered his felicitations, bowed slightly,

  and started to turn away. But Matilda had stepped forward behind

  him, an imploring look upon her face.[pg 277]
"Please, ma'am,—please, ma'am!" said she, in a tone that

  left no doubt as to her meaning.
"Wait, William," weakly commanded Mrs. De Peyster.
William paused.
Mrs. De Peyster did not yet know what she was doing; her words

  spoke themselves.
"William, Matilda has—has just confessed your

  engagement. She has also confessed how, during my—my

  absence—one night, after driving with you, she—she

  lost control of herself and seriously offended you. She asks me

  to apologize to you and tell you how very, very sorry she

  is."
"Indeed, I am, William!" put in Matilda fervently.
"It is my wish, William," continued Mrs. De Peyster, "that you

  should forgive her—and make up things between you—and

  never speak of that incident again—and be happy and stay

  with me forever."
Matilda timidly slipped an arm through William's.
"Forgive me, William!" said she appealingly.
William's graven face exhibited a strange phenomenon—it

  twitched slightly.
"Thank you, Mrs. De Peyster," said he. And bowing

  respectfully, with Matilda upon his arm, he went out.
"Well, Mary, I guess we'd better be going, too," said Jack,

  taking his wife's hand. "Mother,"—respectfully, yet a

  little defiantly,—"I'm sorry [pg 278] that Mary and I have

  by our trespassing caused you so much inconvenience. But Mary and

  I and our things will be out of the house within an hour.

  Good-bye."
"Wait, Jack!" Mrs. De Peyster reached up a trembling hand and

  caught his sleeve. "Olivetta," said she, "perhaps you and

  your—your fianc&#233; could find—another place

  for your confidences."
"Oh!" exclaimed Olivetta, starting up with a flush.
"Cousin Caroline, do you mean—"
Mrs. De Peyster lifted an interrupting hand.
"Do as you like, but tell me about it later."
As the pair went out, Mrs. De Peyster slowly raised herself up

  and stood gazing for a moment at her son. And that strange new

  force which had menaced her with eruption during all the days of

  her hiding, and which these last few minutes had been pulsing

  upward toward orgasm, was now become resistless. It was as though

  a crust, a shell, were being burst and being violently shed. She

  thrilled with an amazing, undreamed-of, expanding warmth.
"Do you really—want to—leave me, Jack?" she

  whispered.
"I have been invited to leave," said he, "but I have never

  been invited to come back."
With a timidity, shot through with tingling daring, she

  slipped an arm about his shoulders.
"Then I invite you," she said tremulously. "Won't you stay,

  Jack?"[pg 279]
"And Mary?" said he.
She looked about at her dark-eyed daughter-in-law.
"If Mary will stay, too, I'll—I'll try not to act like

  my petrified family tree."
"What! Was that you that day?" gasped the horrified Mary.
Mrs. De Peyster slipped her other arm about Mary, and daringly

  she kissed Mary's fresh young cheek, and she drew the two

  tightly, almost convulsively, to her. "Mother!" cried Jack; and

  the next instant the two pairs of arms were about her. And thus

  they stood for several moments; until—
"Caroline," broke in the unsteady but determined voice of

  Judge Harvey, "I told you I was going to propose to you again.

  And I'm going to do it right now. Please consider yourself

  proposed to."
She looked up—shamefaced, flushing.
"What, after the foolish woman I've—"
"If you were ever foolish, you were never less a fool than

  now!"
"I don't know about that," she quavered, "but anyhow I want

  you to straighten out my affairs—and—and Allistair,

  for all I care, can have—can have—for I'm all

  through—"
"Caroline!"
The next moment Judge Harvey's arms had usurped complete

  possession of her. And she wilted away upon his shoulder, and

  sobbed there. And thus for several moments....
They were aroused by a polite cough. Both [pg 280]

  looked up. Halfway to the door stood Mr. Pyecroft; and beside him

  was Miss Gardner, gazing at him, tremulously bewildered.
"Pardon me," said he, in his grave manner; nothing was ever

  seen less suggestive of having ever smiled than his

  face—"pardon me, Judge Harvey, but I believe you failed to

  mention at what time your office opens."
"What time my office opens?" Judge Harvey repeated blankly.

  "Why?"
"Naturally," said Mr. Pyecroft, "I wish to know at what hour I

  am supposed to report for work."
"Well—Well—"
But for a moment Judge Harvey could get out no more. He just

  stared.
Then in a voice of dryest sarcasm: "Would you consider it

  impudent on my part—I wouldn't be impudent for the world,

  you know—to inquire what might be your real name? I have

  heard you variously called Mr. Simpson, Mr. Preston, Mr.

  Pyecroft. Perhaps you have a few other aliases."
"I have had—yes. My real name is Eliot Endicott

  Bradford. That name has the advantage of never having appeared in

  any complaint or police report. For that matter, I may add that

  under none of my names have I ever been arrested. Eliot Bradford

  is a man against whom no legal fault can be found."
"A testimonial from you," exclaimed the Judge—"what

  could possibly be better!"[pg 281]
"But the hour?" gently insisted the other.
Judge Harvey stared; his eyes narrowed. Then,

  suddenly—
"Nine-thirty," said he.
"Thank you, sir," said Mr. Bradford; and slipped a hand

  through Miss Gardner's arm.
But before he could turn to go, Mrs. De Peyster, from over the

  shoulder against which she leaned—Mrs. De Peyster, she

  couldn't help it ... smiled at him.
And, suddenly, Judge Harvey—he couldn't help it, either

  ... was smiling, too.